
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.038051                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 38051337000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5214219415500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  68495                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   123174                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              107180638                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4794844                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   355.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    24317107                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      43729471                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4968576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4968576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3964800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        3964800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        77634                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              77634                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        61950                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             61950                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    130575596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            130575596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    104196076                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           104196076                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    234771672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           234771672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      77634                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     61950                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    77634                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   61950                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4967232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                3964544                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4968576                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             3964800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             5351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             5222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             5047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             5205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             3793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             4185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             4058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        1                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      127                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  38050859000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                77634                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               61950                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  59767                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  10546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3579                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1477                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    781                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    282                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     81                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  11499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  11947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                    233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        52632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   169.686579                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   120.699337                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   175.279616                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        26742     50.81%     50.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        13224     25.13%     75.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7700     14.63%     90.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1920      3.65%     94.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1128      2.14%     96.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          615      1.17%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          403      0.77%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          340      0.65%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          560      1.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        52632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.737628                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.605116                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11512     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        11518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.378191                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.299256                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.148163                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10999     95.49%     95.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           437      3.79%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           58      0.50%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           24      0.21%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        11518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1890336156                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             3345579906                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 388065000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    24355.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               43105.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      130.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      104.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   130.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   104.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   53564                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  33355                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                69.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               53.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    272601.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   62.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8530628750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1270360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    28242902500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              198812880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              199009440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              108479250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              108586500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             305026800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             300175200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            199473840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            201871440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         2484824160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         2484824160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        15316147665                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        14865021450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0         9391109250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1         9786834000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          28003873845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          27946322190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          736.094102                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          734.581332                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4881600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4881600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3885760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3885760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        76275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              76275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60715                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60715                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    128289842                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            128289842                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    102118882                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           102118882                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    230408724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           230408724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      76275                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60715                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    76275                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60715                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4880768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3885760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4881600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3885760                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             5298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             5162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             5092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             4122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             4100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             4037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        3                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      150                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  38050622500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                76275                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60715                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  59217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   9923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   3350                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1430                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    821                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    501                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                    320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                    187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                    108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                    41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  12327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  12417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  12131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                    246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        50623                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   173.153863                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   122.517222                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   179.238114                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25329     50.03%     50.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12724     25.13%     75.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7595     15.00%     90.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1892      3.74%     93.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1138      2.25%     96.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          599      1.18%     97.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          434      0.86%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          298      0.59%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          614      1.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        50623                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11289                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.755426                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.933939                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11284     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11289                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11289                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.378244                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.296572                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.171466                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10784     95.53%     95.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           403      3.57%     99.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           80      0.71%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           22      0.19%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11289                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1826249084                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             3256161584                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 381310000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    23947.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               42697.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      128.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      102.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   128.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   102.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   52847                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  33496                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                69.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               55.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    277762.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   63.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8885365250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1270360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    27888166000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              192243240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              190406160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              104894625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              103892250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             300565200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             294067800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            195929280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            197406720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         2484824160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         2484824160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        15196458780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        14450478975                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0         9496099500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        10150467750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          27971014785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          27871543815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          735.230387                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          732.615749                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4880512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4880512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3885248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3885248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        76258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              76258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60707                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60707                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    128261249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            128261249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    102105427                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           102105427                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    230366675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           230366675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      76258                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60707                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    76258                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60707                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4879552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3885248                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4880512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3885248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             5294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             5163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             5100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             4117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             4114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             4044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      124                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  38051111000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                76258                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60707                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  59345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   9985                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   3286                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1483                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    762                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    459                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                    277                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                    174                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                    109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                    43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                    42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  12319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  12365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  12152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                    224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        50751                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   172.671750                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   122.411063                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   177.901828                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25425     50.10%     50.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12793     25.21%     75.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7590     14.96%     90.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1875      3.69%     93.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1150      2.27%     96.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          594      1.17%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          449      0.88%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          296      0.58%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          579      1.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        50751                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11321                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.734564                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.961287                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11316     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11321                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11321                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.362335                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.284616                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.143027                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10833     95.69%     95.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           398      3.52%     99.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           66      0.58%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           24      0.21%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11321                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1807080638                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             3236636888                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 381215000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    23701.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               42451.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      128.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      102.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   128.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   102.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   52727                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  33462                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                69.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               55.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    277816.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   62.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8879001500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1270360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    27894695000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              192507840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              191094120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              105039000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              104267625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             300417000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             294091200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            195858000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            197426160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         2484824160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         2484824160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        15074661465                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        14578755480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0         9602939250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        10037944500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          27956246715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          27888403245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          734.842202                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          733.058907                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4858752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4858752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3880256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3880256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        75918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              75918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        60629                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             60629                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    127689390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            127689390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    101974235                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           101974235                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    229663625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           229663625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      75919                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     60629                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    75919                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   60629                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4858240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3880192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4858816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3880256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             5240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             5153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             5078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             4100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             4100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             4038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        6                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      143                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  38050588000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                75919                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               60629                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  58992                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   9998                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   3293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1453                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    789                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                    274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                    185                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                     97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  12374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  12350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  12052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                    239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        50377                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   173.431526                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   122.764432                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   179.417111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25108     49.84%     49.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12828     25.46%     75.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7451     14.79%     90.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1895      3.76%     93.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1164      2.31%     96.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          579      1.15%     97.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          424      0.84%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          310      0.62%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          618      1.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        50377                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11308                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.712858                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    30.952019                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11302     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11308                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11308                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.361514                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.284149                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.139672                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10825     95.73%     95.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           395      3.49%     99.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           63      0.56%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           25      0.22%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11308                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1814802599                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             3238115099                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 379550000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    23907.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               42657.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      127.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      101.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   127.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   101.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   52613                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  33540                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                69.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               55.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    278660.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   63.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8891482500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1270360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    27882384000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              190519560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              190285200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              103954125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              103826250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             298537200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             293381400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            195475680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            197328960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         2484824160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         2484824160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        15037304805                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        14544364815                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0         9635708250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        10068111750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          27946323780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          27882122535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          734.581373                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          732.893815                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1360                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1360                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               209                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              209                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          789                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3991                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              430148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              106648                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1817000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          382                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1564672                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          382                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7010285                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 28.526473                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                24.921483                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                22.878311                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7002317     99.89%     99.89% |        5650      0.08%     99.97% |        1522      0.02%     99.99% |         762      0.01%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7010285                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     16479717                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.948086                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.708404                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.215511                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    15137345     91.85%     91.85% |     1264526      7.67%     99.53% |       53807      0.33%     99.85% |       13102      0.08%     99.93% |        4659      0.03%     99.96% |        2960      0.02%     99.98% |        1939      0.01%     99.99% |         921      0.01%    100.00% |         458      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      16479717                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            16479715                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              13.437304                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.078488                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             44.933355                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    16388319     99.45%     99.45% |       72755      0.44%     99.89% |       13437      0.08%     99.97% |        3862      0.02%     99.99% |        1017      0.01%    100.00% |         268      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              16479715                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        15047791                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.001462                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.001261                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.038377                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    15025891     99.85%     99.85% |       21802      0.14%    100.00% |          98      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          15047791                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1431924                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        123.105397                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       102.381761                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       100.323201                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1340528     93.62%     93.62% |       72755      5.08%     98.70% |       13437      0.94%     99.64% |        3862      0.27%     99.91% |        1017      0.07%     99.98% |         268      0.02%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1431924                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4751360                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2514944                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         559529                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       559529                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits      8553860                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       289060                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      8842920                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      5741931                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123100                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5865031                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       594643                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        15937                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       250177                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1318896                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        39907                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           38                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           38                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits       100750                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       103135                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       203885                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         3783                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        95608                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       140229                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       235837                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        17054                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        93847                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       135977                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       229824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        17883                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        98758                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       139191                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       237949                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        17270                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        90608                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       139421                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       230029                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        17780                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        94643                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108410                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       203053                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles         3263                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        86722                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       125107                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       211829                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        17047                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        91064                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       128258                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       219322                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        17120                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        46167                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        26959                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        73126                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        19320                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        25164                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        44484                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        20234                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        25189                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        45423                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        20396                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        25176                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        45572                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        18406                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        25538                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        43944                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        18530                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        25183                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        43713                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        17361                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        25183                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        42544                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        17649                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        25123                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        42772                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        19100                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        25569                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        44669                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        18506                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        25138                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        43644                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        18363                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        25077                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        43440                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        17965                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        25099                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        43064                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        17815                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        25288                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        43103                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17678                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        25498                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        43176                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        20419                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        25169                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        45588                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        17830                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        25108                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        42938                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        17354                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        25053                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        42407                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        18103                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        25407                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        43510                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18366                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        25195                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        43561                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        17619                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        25119                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        42738                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18818                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        25025                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        43843                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        18311                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        25445                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        43756                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19214                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        25111                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        44325                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        18818                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        25167                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        43985                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        20198                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        25098                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        45296                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        21988                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        25086                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        47074                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        18278                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        25473                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        43751                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        18231                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        25133                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        43364                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        17591                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        25140                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        42731                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        17107                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        25158                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        42265                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        17765                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        25506                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        43271                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        19645                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        25203                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        44848                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles         4244                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      8388522                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      8388522                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8598639                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8388522                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4322319                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4308550                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      8388522                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.110226                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      5907473                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      5907473                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6134957                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5907473                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3756379                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3728549                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      5907473                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.077625                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      4013095                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      4013095                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4162268                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4013095                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1862785                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1858031                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      4013095                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.052733                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3885708                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3885708                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4006283                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3885708                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1905085                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1901144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3885708                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.051059                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4597733                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4597733                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4875523                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4597733                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2365501                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2355641                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4597733                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.060415                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3965110                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3965110                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4102131                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3965110                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2001153                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1997162                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3965110                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.052102                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4498235                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4498235                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4627292                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4498235                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1975519                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1972223                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4498235                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.059107                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3408282                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3408282                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3490250                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3408282                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1667633                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1665150                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3408282                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.044785                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2812668                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2812668                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2886990                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2812668                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1356832                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1354360                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2812668                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.036959                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      3500652                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      3500652                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3628031                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3500652                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1770234                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1765944                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      3500652                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.045999                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      1654049                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      1654049                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1677964                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1654049                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       795629                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       794633                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      1654049                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.021734                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1184773                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1184773                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1188256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1184773                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       563789                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       563473                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1184773                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.015568                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1545541                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1545541                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1551914                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1545541                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       809325                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       808897                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1545541                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.020309                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1196843                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1196843                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1200923                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1196843                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       573502                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       573179                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1196843                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.015727                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       740565                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       740565                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       744038                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       740565                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       356726                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       356569                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       740565                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.009731                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1020048                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1020048                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1025620                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1020048                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       473438                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       473308                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1020048                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.013404                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      1403741                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      1403741                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1410351                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1403741                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       605169                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       604973                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      1403741                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.018445                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1122564                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1122564                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1128142                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1122564                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       515107                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       514904                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1122564                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.014751                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1021291                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1021291                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1028823                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1021291                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       463747                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       463439                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1021291                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.013420                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       626092                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       626092                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       628792                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       626092                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       291179                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       290880                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       626092                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.008227                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       662699                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       662699                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       663863                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       662699                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       353638                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       353403                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       662699                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.008708                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       866916                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       866916                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       870456                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       866915                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       469724                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       469391                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       866915                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.011391                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       718046                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       718046                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       719806                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       718046                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       370732                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       370486                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       718046                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.009435                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       416759                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       416759                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       416759                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       416759                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       201822                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       201631                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       416759                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005476                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       616618                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       616618                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       617778                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       616618                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       305289                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       305078                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       616618                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.008102                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       837178                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       837178                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       840677                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       837178                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       450088                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       449778                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       837178                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.011001                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       708314                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       708314                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       710242                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       708314                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       360178                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       359934                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       708314                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.009307                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       428718                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       428718                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       428718                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       428718                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       205677                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       205482                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       428718                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005633                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3061402                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3061402                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3108479                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3061402                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1386107                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1385346                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3061402                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.040227                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      2430214                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      2430214                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2454954                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2430214                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1081750                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1081202                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      2430214                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.031933                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      2608466                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      2608466                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2642140                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2608466                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1157272                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1156634                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      2608466                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.034276                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      2455153                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      2455153                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2487315                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2455153                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1108817                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1108073                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      2455153                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.032261                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5298762     28.40%     28.40% |    11311164     60.63%     89.03% |     2047605     10.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     18657531                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5298763     28.40%     28.40% |    11311164     60.63%     89.03% |     2047605     10.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     18657532                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   142088962                       |   290058156                       |    49771345                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    23099948                       |    53538911                       |     2113203                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   26.815502                       |   25.643528                       |   24.307103                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    4.359499                       |    4.733280                       |    1.032036                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    25.829702                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     4.220926                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         30.050628                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.003881                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.080333      6.72%      6.72% |    0.080676      6.75%     13.47% |    0.080213      6.71%     20.18% |    0.080527      6.74%     26.92% |    0.182378     15.26%     42.18% |    0.182845     15.30%     57.48% |    0.182146     15.24%     72.71% |    0.182797     15.29%     88.01% |    0.035831      3.00%     91.01% |    0.035842      3.00%     94.01% |    0.035832      3.00%     97.00% |    0.035821      3.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.195241                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.029690                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.022002                       |    0.000001                       |    0.008501                       |    0.012359                       |    0.011916                       |    0.012403                       |    0.012220                       |    0.008840                       |    0.011147                       |    0.011273                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005035                       |    0.002707                       |    0.002596                       |    0.002664                       |    0.002616                       |    0.002611                       |    0.002562                       |    0.002529                       |    0.002576                       |    0.002716                       |    0.002777                       |    0.002785                       |    0.002634                       |    0.002640                       |    0.002549                       |    0.002569                       |    0.002680                       |    0.002631                       |    0.002627                       |    0.002600                       |    0.002573                       |    0.002796                       |    0.002583                       |    0.002540                       |    0.002606                       |    0.002629                       |    0.002571                       |    0.002644                       |    0.002611                       |    0.002665                       |    0.002747                       |    0.002892                       |    0.006100                       |    0.005989                       |    0.005987                       |    0.005961                       |    0.000322                       |           0                       |    0.004191                       |    0.011590                       |    0.000918                       |    0.000995                       |    0.000924                       |    0.000994                       |    0.000928                       |    0.000987                       |    0.000796                       |    0.000858                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002987                       |    0.000327                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002895                       |    0.002499                       |    0.009197                       |    0.002982                       |    0.000796                       |    0.003995                       |    0.014223                       |    0.005766                       |           0                       |    0.002994                       |    0.004959                       |           0                       |    0.010089                       |    0.015667                       |    0.006518                       |    0.007502                       |    0.002977                       |    0.000918                       |    0.013132                       |    0.014564                       |    0.013640                       |    0.009941                       |    0.003016                       |    0.000995                       |    0.016161                       |    0.012047                       |    0.008899                       |           0                       |    0.002972                       |    0.004857                       |           0                       |    0.009437                       |    0.007663                       |    0.007003                       |           0                       |    0.003099                       |           0                       |    0.005391                       |    0.003825                       |    0.003253                       |           0                       |    0.002994                       |           0                       |    0.002606                       |    0.002503                       |           0                       |    0.003124                       |           0                       |    0.001817                       |    0.002796                       |    0.003654                       |    0.009320                       |    0.003004                       |    0.000858                       |    0.009455                       |    0.005147                       |    0.014484                       |    0.003731                       |    0.009770                       |    0.002996                       |    0.000924                       |    0.004161                       |    0.014843                       |    0.023292                       |    0.004430                       |    0.031034                       |    0.004540                       |    0.004191                       |    0.008891                       |    0.018842                       |    0.030245                       |    0.012484                       |    0.000003                       |    0.003037                       |    0.011590                       |    0.011041                       |    0.023063                       |    0.018081                       |    0.010809                       |    0.009917                       |    0.002957                       |    0.000994                       |    0.005841                       |    0.016978                       |    0.010262                       |    0.005153                       |           0                       |    0.003008                       |           0                       |    0.002514                       |    0.005263                       |    0.005084                       |    0.004440                       |           0                       |    0.002990                       |           0                       |    0.001672                       |    0.002629                       |    0.003709                       |           0                       |    0.002966                       |           0                       |    0.000950                       |    0.002583                       |    0.002936                       |           0                       |    0.003072                       |           0                       |    0.007748                       |    0.003198                       |    0.004789                       |    0.002927                       |           0                       |    0.003055                       |    0.004856                       |           0                       |    0.005115                       |    0.010354                       |    0.007958                       |    0.002937                       |    0.009970                       |    0.002931                       |    0.000928                       |    0.019004                       |    0.013311                       |    0.009909                       |    0.003054                       |    0.007982                       |    0.002934                       |    0.000987                       |    0.007203                       |    0.013879                       |    0.008827                       |    0.002974                       |           0                       |    0.003140                       |    0.004843                       |           0                       |    0.005747                       |    0.009466                       |    0.006076                       |    0.002989                       |           0                       |    0.002977                       |           0                       |    0.001530                       |    0.005211                       |    0.003027                       |    0.002982                       |           0                       |    0.002962                       |           0                       |    0.000785                       |    0.002571                       |    0.002989                       |           0                       |    0.002936                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002540                       |           0                       |    0.002927                       |           0                       |    0.002290                       |           0                       |    0.004514                       |           0                       |    0.002937                       |           0                       |    0.003012                       |    0.001716                       |    0.005739                       |           0                       |    0.003054                       |           0                       |    0.009076                       |    0.003383                       |    0.002932                       |           0                       |    0.002974                       |           0                       |    0.002245                       |    0.006972                       |    0.002559                       |           0                       |    0.002989                       |           0                       |    0.004218                       |    0.006213                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002982                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005245                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002989                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002644                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.195241                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5458473                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5458473                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       265644                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3963060                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3374336                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     85.144711                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          446641                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29838                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              9687395                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              45198                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             5377211                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             20688                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          9732593                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         5397899                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  15064606                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   65886                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              15130492                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              5871847                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9493                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          5881340                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   5871847                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9493                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               5881340                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 72329452                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20535121                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               30136061                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5458473                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3820977                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              47041943                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          597274                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140379                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       152260                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       211719                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3334                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       309239                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           5871211                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        143522                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3825                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     68692632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.804680                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.161618                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         58550451     85.24%     85.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1046966      1.52%     86.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           599749      0.87%     87.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1005467      1.46%     89.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1438158      2.09%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           595749      0.87%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           686756      1.00%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           993890      1.45%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          3775446      5.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     68692632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.075467                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.416650                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         15639932                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      44420400                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6489840                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       1843816                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         298637                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       52853487                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         298637                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         16327773                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        27482619                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4834461                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           7456770                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      12292365                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       51926756                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         67653                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        4408913                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         394186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents        7007070                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     59751909                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     121495150                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     75748558                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          164                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      49948810                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9803086                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       133713                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       135671                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          11264928                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      5274342                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      5564879                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1291099                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1152710                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           50690406                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       351778                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          53300346                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143083                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7095613                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11435804                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        48922                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     68692632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.775925                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.438041                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     46605632     67.85%     67.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      8571568     12.48%     80.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5225317      7.61%     87.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3014385      4.39%     92.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2936597      4.27%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1183493      1.72%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       692208      1.01%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289568      0.42%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173864      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     68692632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           95300     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         601842     78.83%     91.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         66307      8.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       165403      0.31%      0.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      37823174     70.96%     71.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22630      0.04%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52379      0.10%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9812234     18.41%     89.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      5424526     10.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       53300346                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.736911                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              763449                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.014324                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    176199791                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     58144329                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     47741935                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           65                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          290                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       53898360                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              32                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1247182                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1110474                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2631                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         6973                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       396038                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5706009                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         298637                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4776913                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      17966111                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     51042184                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       100384                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       5274342                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      5564879                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       342659                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          89974                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      17714695                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         6973                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124446                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       190236                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       314682                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      52910104                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       9677379                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       324865                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             15058602                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          4390735                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            5381223                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.731515                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               47804497                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              47741955                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          30835642                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          49389218                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.660062                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.624340                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7285154                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       302856                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       279083                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     67541152                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.647449                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.598225                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     51309039     75.97%     75.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8055913     11.93%     87.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1861361      2.76%     90.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2152009      3.19%     93.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       747733      1.11%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1050114      1.55%     96.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       694019      1.03%     97.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       278522      0.41%     97.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1392442      2.06%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     67541152                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     24317106                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       43729468                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                9332705                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               4163865                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4053995                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          43433555                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       371880                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        81885      0.19%      0.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     34242463     78.31%     78.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        21414      0.05%     78.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        51001      0.12%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      4163865      9.52%     88.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      5168840     11.82%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     43729468                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1392442                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            117105258                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           103185237                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84184                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3636820                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3772805                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            24317106                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              43729468                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.974427                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.974427                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.336199                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.336199                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         78252888                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        37723994                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          20779418                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         16419497                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        24221830                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         125430                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               4914579000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean              4914579000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.68435e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3126681                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        30.017649                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       25.060545                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       29.390871                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3121329     99.83%     99.83% |        3243      0.10%     99.93% |        1321      0.04%     99.97% |         754      0.02%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3126681                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3052911                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        27.941238                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       25.262816                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       16.961265                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3041740     99.63%     99.63% |        8555      0.28%     99.91% |        1894      0.06%     99.98% |         513      0.02%     99.99% |         139      0.00%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3052911                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        830693                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        25.064591                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.214834                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.321237                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       16491      1.99%      1.99% |      100979     12.16%     14.14% |      300439     36.17%     50.31% |      178532     21.49%     71.80% |      178742     21.52%     93.32% |       45790      5.51%     98.83% |        9121      1.10%     99.93% |         522      0.06%     99.99% |          69      0.01%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          830693                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          4521476                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           19.777340                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.757511                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          61.632244                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     4466846     98.79%     98.79% |       42053      0.93%     99.72% |        8728      0.19%     99.91% |        2846      0.06%     99.98% |         757      0.02%     99.99% |         210      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            4521476                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3934761                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000722                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000623                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.026988                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3931932     99.93%     99.93% |        2816      0.07%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3934761                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       586715                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     132.288491                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    104.663348                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    121.354097                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      532085     90.69%     90.69% |       42053      7.17%     97.86% |        8728      1.49%     99.34% |        2846      0.49%     99.83% |         757      0.13%     99.96% |         210      0.04%     99.99% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        586715                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          5965122                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           17.335169                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.604322                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          48.669983                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     5930696     99.42%     99.42% |       28582      0.48%     99.90% |        4511      0.08%     99.98% |         994      0.02%     99.99% |         260      0.00%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            5965122                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      5250872                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.003627                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.003129                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.060386                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5231911     99.64%     99.64% |       18876      0.36%    100.00% |          85      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        5250872                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       714250                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     122.694768                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    106.551468                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     84.689661                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      679824     95.18%     95.18% |       28582      4.00%     99.18% |        4511      0.63%     99.81% |         994      0.14%     99.95% |         260      0.04%     99.99% |          58      0.01%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        714250                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      5865029                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.693251                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.209173                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      13.980737                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     5852365     99.78%     99.78% |       10603      0.18%     99.96% |        1816      0.03%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |          83      0.00%    100.00% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        5865029                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      5741931                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000590                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5741929    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      5741931                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123098                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.675275                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.436367                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    54.230112                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110434     89.71%     89.71% |       10603      8.61%     98.33% |        1816      1.48%     99.80% |          49      0.04%     99.84% |          83      0.07%     99.91% |          92      0.07%     99.98% |          21      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123098                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       126782                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.528182                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.668046                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    27.611285                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      125498     98.99%     98.99% |        1006      0.79%     99.78% |         249      0.20%     99.98% |           6      0.00%     99.98% |          11      0.01%     99.99% |          11      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       126782                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       118949                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000908                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000784                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.030119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      118841     99.91%     99.91% |         108      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       118949                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         7833                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    92.463296                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.378984                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    69.506231                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        6549     83.61%     83.61% |        1006     12.84%     96.45% |         249      3.18%     99.63% |           6      0.08%     99.71% |          11      0.14%     99.85% |          11      0.14%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         7833                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.958652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.428864                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    32.524834                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         648     99.23%     99.23% |           4      0.61%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    95.321429                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    67.676785                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev   130.711742                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |          23     82.14%     82.14% |           4     14.29%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        12195                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       304293                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       306750                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    17649                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    24478                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                   158550                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    17328                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    24445                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                   190586                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    19332                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    24450                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                   182506                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    18086                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   24433                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                  191903                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   18591                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   24466                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                  183438                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   18025                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   25949                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                  155915                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   16623                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   22946                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                  168625                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   16977                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   24407                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                  174371                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    583                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    231                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   2581                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    516                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    259                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   2889                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    560                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                    254                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   2908                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    538                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                   271                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  2904                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   537                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   238                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  2945                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                   587                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   299                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                  2465                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   465                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                   219                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                  3137                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   483                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                   297                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  2973                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                      653                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    52487                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                      480                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                       56                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    68021                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                      970                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                       37                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    66601                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                      652                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                      55                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   68652                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                     693                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                      29                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   67222                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                     577                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                      60                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                   50249                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                     564                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                   62896                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                     547                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                      46                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                   63942                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                18232                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                24709                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               161131                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                17844                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                24704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               193475                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                19892                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                24704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               185414                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                18624                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               24704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses              194807                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               19128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               24704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses              186383                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               18612                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               26248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses              158380                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               17088                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               23165                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses              171762                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               17460                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               24704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses              177344                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  539901                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  420800                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140664717680656                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles            140664715691619                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  377431                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 2164401                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  559507                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                31250380                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                33114437                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                31314769                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles               31203150                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles               33017208                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles               31391251                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles               31249967                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles               33087909                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               31326041                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               31224760                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles               33109920                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               31438864                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               31308098                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles               33263215                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               31406214                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               31292994                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles               33194658                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   11940                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   20485                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   80577                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   11684                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   20480                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   96751                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   13028                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   20480                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   92718                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   12200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  20480                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  97419                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  12528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  20480                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  93201                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  12188                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  21760                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                  79203                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                  11192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  19205                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                  85893                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  11432                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                  20480                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  88684                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   6292                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  80554                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   6160                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  96724                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   6864                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  92696                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   6424                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 97388                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  6600                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 93182                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                  6424                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  4488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                 79177                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  5896                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  3960                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                 85869                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  6028                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 88660                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                11713                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                20334                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                77996                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                11502                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                20312                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                93862                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                12833                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                20317                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                89810                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                12012                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               20308                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               94515                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               12318                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               20325                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               90256                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               11943                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               21573                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits               76738                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits               11037                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               19061                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits               82756                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               11245                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits               20294                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               85711                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                227                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                151                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               2581                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                182                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                168                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               2889                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                195                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                163                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               2908                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                188                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses               172                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              2904                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               210                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               155                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              2945                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses               245                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses               187                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses              2465                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               155                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses               144                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses              3137                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               187                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses               186                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses              2973                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                5936                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               80554                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                5826                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                4133                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               96724                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                6499                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                4133                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               92696                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                6074                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               4125                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              97388                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               6273                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               4141                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              93182                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               6082                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               4376                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits              79177                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               5586                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               3885                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits              85869                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               5732                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               4113                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits              88660                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               356                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               334                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                91                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               365                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                91                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               350                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses               99                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              327                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses               83                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses              342                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses              112                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses              310                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses               75                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              296                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses              111                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      143                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      271                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      140                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      300                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      156                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                      293                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                      146                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                     303                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                     150                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                     292                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                     146                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                      17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                     276                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                     134                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                     283                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                     137                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                     286                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2161173                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2645871                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                4869071                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2158585                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2556534                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                4854276                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2161357                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2584477                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                4857892                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                2156959                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               2535966                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               4857453                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2170599                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2562261                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               4864385                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2164978                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               2662301                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               4873205                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               2169283                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               2633950                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles               4847614                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               2160440                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               2657076                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               4854061                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    2288                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    2168                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    2240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    2400                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    2496                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                    2344                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                    2336                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                   2424                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                   2400                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                   2336                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                   2336                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                   2208                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                   2144                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    480                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                   2264                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                   2192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                   2288                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               1464227                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               2450928                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               4502374                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1499420                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2372305                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               4452589                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               1460218                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2396992                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               4456778                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               1559915                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              2350260                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              4447017                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1498470                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              2374309                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              4457413                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1619305                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              2465682                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              4532600                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              1337686                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              2439612                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles              4440681                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              1416099                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              2453978                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              4452287                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             127611                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             179944                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             124458                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             199200                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             139859                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             194552                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             128661                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            201192                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            132330                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            193888                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            128413                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            143616                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            183267                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            120165                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            126720                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            187912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            122283                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            189904                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2282608                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              1458468                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3260978                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2223314                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              1390075                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              3150270                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2290134                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              1422241                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              3199833                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2146840                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             1387094                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             3192358                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             2271626                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             1418060                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             3213214                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2078446                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles             1446692                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles             3154328                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles             2505775                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles             1481431                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles             3294420                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles             2333140                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles             1486875                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles             3240942                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          1464227                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          2450928                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          4502374                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1499420                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2372305                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          4452589                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          1460218                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2396992                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          4456778                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          1559915                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         2350260                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         4447017                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1498470                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         2374309                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         4457413                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1619305                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         2465682                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         4532600                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         1337686                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         2439612                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time         4440681                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         1416099                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         2453978                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         4452287                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        114321                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        179869                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        112213                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        199097                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        124985                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        194487                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        118265                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       201071                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       120907                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       193801                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       118909                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       143616                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       183168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       105545                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       126720                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time       187819                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       109237                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       189841                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         1686997                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1458468                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         3225292                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1668404                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         1390075                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         3110823                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         1699986                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1422241                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         3174813                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         1652522                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        1387094                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        3143976                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        1705989                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        1418060                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        3166247                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        1660004                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time        1446692                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time        3129501                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time        1737645                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time        1481431                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time        3241077                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time        1687787                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time        1486875                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time        3205689                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2148775                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2628975                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            4847309                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2146352                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2539638                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            4830998                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2147484                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2567581                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            4834742                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2144416                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2519070                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           4833854                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2158332                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2545365                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           4841748                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2152046                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           2644349                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           4850797                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           2159176                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           2618110                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time           4825533                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           2148940                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           2640180                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           4831620                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles              3044                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles            103919                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles              9180                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles              9937                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles              4563                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles             14027                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles              9079                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles           636815                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             9832                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles            17490                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles             1230                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles             5388                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles             9879                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles             5522                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles             4392                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles             1772                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          66368479                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          73433650                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          68550654                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles          66368609                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles          73433646                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles          68547972                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          66368482                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles          73433652                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles          68548136                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles          66368699                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles         73433648                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         68571809                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles         66368592                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles         73433657                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles         68548200                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles         66368481                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         73433653                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles         68547855                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles         66368562                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles         73433669                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles         68547901                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         66368495                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles         73433665                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles         68547746                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2113056                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2646231                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          4172341                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2119926                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2556564                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          4148971                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2120602                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2584666                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          4159321                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2116036                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2535996                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         4150378                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2128733                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2562590                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         4164064                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2124857                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         2662177                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         4181671                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         2129606                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2634537                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         4149571                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         2117940                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         2657077                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         4151123                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               401                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               224                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               892                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               367                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               238                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               929                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               370                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               233                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               915                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               385                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              250                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              927                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              376                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              224                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              898                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              426                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              277                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              879                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              320                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              212                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0              922                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              350                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              276                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              903                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              5465                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             29756                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              5495                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              4098                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             30663                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              5719                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              4117                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1             28088                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              5575                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             4091                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1            30713                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             5741                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             4126                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1            28007                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             5666                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             4338                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1            30514                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             5167                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             3885                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1            25188                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             5318                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             4088                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1            26788                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              5717                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              5695                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             17127                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              6560                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              5841                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             21064                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              5819                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              5627                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             18955                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              6823                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             5825                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            20560                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             6004                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             5646                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2            19181                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             6992                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2             6205                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2            19355                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             4260                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             5094                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2            15109                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2             4863                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             5428                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2            16835                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       77608     25.36%     25.36% |       76275     24.92%     50.28% |       76258     24.92%     75.19% |       75919     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       306060                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56040     25.43%     25.43% |       54798     24.87%     50.31% |       54787     24.87%     75.17% |       54706     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       220331                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       77634     25.36%     25.36% |       76275     24.92%     50.28% |       76258     24.91%     75.20% |       75918     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       306085                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       61950     25.39%     25.39% |       60715     24.88%     50.27% |       60707     24.88%     75.15% |       60628     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       244000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           81                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6112     25.00%     25.00% |        6112     25.00%     50.00% |        6112     25.00%     75.00% |        6112     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24448                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       13376     25.26%     25.26% |       13285     25.08%     50.34% |       13279     25.07%     75.41% |       13021     24.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        52961                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       77608     25.36%     25.36% |       76275     24.92%     50.28% |       76258     24.92%     75.19% |       75919     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       306060                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       55783     25.41%     25.41% |       54603     24.88%     50.29% |       54595     24.87%     75.16% |       54517     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       219498                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       13376     25.26%     25.26% |       13285     25.08%     50.34% |       13279     25.07%     75.41% |       13021     24.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        52961                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       77608     25.36%     25.36% |       76275     24.92%     50.28% |       76258     24.92%     75.19% |       75918     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       306059                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       55783     25.41%     25.41% |       54603     24.88%     50.29% |       54595     24.87%     75.16% |       54516     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       219497                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          778                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3549186     78.47%     78.47% |          38      0.00%     78.47% |      112914      2.50%     80.97% |      128825      2.85%     83.82% |      126137      2.79%     86.60% |      130005      2.87%     89.48% |      126125      2.79%     92.27% |      113061      2.50%     94.77% |      116202      2.57%     97.34% |      120509      2.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      4523002                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     5865087    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      5865087                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     5295389     86.90%     86.90% |           0      0.00%     86.90% |       90971      1.49%     88.40% |      107012      1.76%     90.15% |      103687      1.70%     91.86% |      107944      1.77%     93.63% |      103904      1.71%     95.33% |       89992      1.48%     96.81% |       95627      1.57%     98.38% |       98813      1.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      6093339                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13421      4.07%      4.07% |          38      0.01%      4.08% |       32957      9.99%     14.07% |       40391     12.24%     26.32% |       40673     12.33%     38.64% |       41044     12.44%     51.09% |       41377     12.54%     63.63% |       36562     11.08%     74.71% |       42674     12.94%     87.65% |       40738     12.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       329875                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      410350     55.83%     55.83% |           0      0.00%     55.83% |       38644      5.26%     61.09% |       41669      5.67%     66.76% |       42219      5.74%     72.50% |       42520      5.78%     78.28% |       41938      5.71%     83.99% |       40337      5.49%     89.48% |       37980      5.17%     94.65% |       39358      5.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       735015                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       21400      7.99%      7.99% |       40285     15.05%     23.04% |       37858     14.14%     37.18% |       38886     14.52%     51.70% |       39558     14.78%     66.48% |       22400      8.37%     74.85% |       32487     12.13%     86.98% |       34859     13.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       267733                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          30      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       19593      8.41%      8.42% |       33581     14.41%     22.83% |       31791     13.64%     36.47% |       34876     14.96%     51.43% |       32682     14.02%     65.45% |       20171      8.65%     74.10% |       30458     13.07%     87.17% |       29903     12.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       233085                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2647      9.15%      9.15% |        3603     12.46%     21.61% |        3986     13.78%     35.39% |        3969     13.72%     49.12% |        4163     14.39%     63.51% |        3069     10.61%     74.12% |        3741     12.94%     87.06% |        3743     12.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        28921                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      141776     54.17%     54.17% |          11      0.00%     54.18% |       12664      4.84%     59.01% |       15961      6.10%     65.11% |       15679      5.99%     71.10% |       16191      6.19%     77.29% |       15826      6.05%     83.34% |       13612      5.20%     88.54% |       14750      5.64%     94.17% |       15246      5.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       261716                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27      0.01%      0.01% |       25916     11.12%     11.13% |       31580     13.55%     24.68% |       30131     12.93%     37.61% |       30214     12.96%     50.57% |       32068     13.76%     64.33% |       26687     11.45%     75.78% |       27715     11.89%     87.67% |       28747     12.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       233085                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      270363     38.27%     38.27% |           0      0.00%     38.27% |       44489      6.30%     44.56% |       57196      8.10%     52.66% |       58109      8.22%     60.88% |       57800      8.18%     69.07% |       57646      8.16%     77.22% |       48769      6.90%     84.13% |       56204      7.96%     92.08% |       55936      7.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       706512                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       22044      8.08%      8.08% |       42801     15.69%     23.78% |       38274     14.03%     37.81% |       41848     15.34%     53.15% |       39883     14.62%     67.77% |       21170      7.76%     75.54% |       32728     12.00%     87.54% |       33995     12.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       272743                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       20066      8.70%      8.71% |       35492     15.39%     24.10% |       32058     13.90%     38.00% |       34986     15.17%     53.17% |       33881     14.69%     67.86% |       19342      8.39%     76.25% |       26438     11.46%     87.72% |       28329     12.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       230611                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      287594     60.19%     60.19% |           0      0.00%     60.19% |       26289      5.50%     65.69% |       22314      4.67%     70.36% |       23325      4.88%     75.24% |       22189      4.64%     79.88% |       22825      4.78%     84.66% |       27123      5.68%     90.33% |       23065      4.83%     95.16% |       23120      4.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       477844                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      141791     35.91%     35.91% |          38      0.01%     35.92% |       29716      7.53%     43.44% |       32869      8.32%     51.77% |       32816      8.31%     60.08% |       33476      8.48%     68.55% |       32781      8.30%     76.86% |       31062      7.87%     84.72% |       29650      7.51%     92.23% |       30679      7.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       394878                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122584    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      146861     65.98%     65.98% |           0      0.00%     65.98% |        9440      4.24%     70.22% |        9312      4.18%     74.41% |        9915      4.45%     78.86% |        9556      4.29%     83.16% |        9669      4.34%     87.50% |        9787      4.40%     91.90% |        8842      3.97%     95.87% |        9191      4.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       222573                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11169     42.85%     42.85% |           0      0.00%     42.85% |        1824      7.00%     49.84% |        1858      7.13%     56.97% |        1858      7.13%     64.10% |        1889      7.25%     71.35% |        1886      7.24%     78.58% |        1845      7.08%     85.66% |        1856      7.12%     92.78% |        1882      7.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        26067                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         354      0.18%      0.18% |           0      0.00%      0.18% |       18290      9.53%      9.72% |       26631     13.88%     23.60% |       25354     13.22%     36.82% |       25444     13.26%     50.08% |       26891     14.02%     64.10% |       20755     10.82%     74.92% |       23686     12.35%     87.26% |       24432     12.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       191837                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         516    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          516                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          35      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       27880      9.52%      9.53% |       38763     13.24%     22.78% |       39280     13.42%     36.19% |       39041     13.34%     49.53% |       39655     13.54%     63.07% |       30262     10.34%     73.41% |       39288     13.42%     86.83% |       38563     13.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       292767                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         578      0.72%      0.72% |           0      0.00%      0.72% |        5972      7.42%      8.13% |       12658     15.72%     23.85% |       11499     14.28%     38.13% |       12899     16.02%     54.15% |       11794     14.65%     68.80% |        5828      7.24%     76.03% |        9386     11.66%     87.69% |        9913     12.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        80527                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        6871      4.14%      4.14% |           0      0.00%      4.14% |       15119      9.11%     13.25% |       21727     13.09%     26.34% |       21423     12.91%     39.25% |       22491     13.55%     52.80% |       20860     12.57%     65.37% |       14200      8.56%     73.93% |       22306     13.44%     87.37% |       20960     12.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       165957                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     5741931    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      5741931                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       17809      8.61%      8.62% |       32654     15.79%     24.41% |       28612     13.84%     38.25% |       31674     15.32%     53.57% |       30425     14.71%     68.28% |       16544      8.00%     76.29% |       23641     11.43%     87.72% |       25393     12.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       206771                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1329      0.45%      0.45% |          27      0.01%      0.46% |       30735     10.33%     10.78% |       37738     12.68%     23.47% |       38236     12.85%     36.31% |       38474     12.93%     49.24% |       38751     13.02%     62.26% |       34425     11.57%     73.83% |       39857     13.39%     87.23% |       38013     12.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       297585                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122041     69.14%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |        6383      3.62%     72.76% |        6697      3.79%     76.55% |        7395      4.19%     80.74% |        7432      4.21%     84.95% |        7319      4.15%     89.10% |        7386      4.18%     93.28% |        5529      3.13%     96.42% |        6325      3.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       176507                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1391795     90.48%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |       17253      1.12%     91.61% |       18906      1.23%     92.83% |       18660      1.21%     94.05% |       19256      1.25%     95.30% |       18788      1.22%     96.52% |       18341      1.19%     97.71% |       16867      1.10%     98.81% |       18308      1.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1538174                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       21203     25.50%     25.50% |           0      0.00%     25.50% |        5934      7.14%     32.64% |        8262      9.94%     42.58% |        8056      9.69%     52.27% |        9067     10.91%     63.17% |        8399     10.10%     73.28% |        6744      8.11%     81.39% |        7660      9.21%     90.60% |        7814      9.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        83139                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         605     98.21%     98.21% |          11      1.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          616                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      119852     77.69%     77.69% |           0      0.00%     77.69% |        4305      2.79%     80.48% |        4293      2.78%     83.26% |        4305      2.79%     86.05% |        4293      2.78%     88.83% |        4299      2.79%     91.62% |        4615      2.99%     94.61% |        4019      2.61%     97.22% |        4293      2.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       154274                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     36.36%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           2     18.18%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           5     45.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2106     10.02%     10.02% |        3087     14.68%     24.70% |        2995     14.24%     38.94% |        2512     11.95%     50.89% |        2807     13.35%     64.24% |        1953      9.29%     73.52% |        2752     13.09%     86.61% |        2815     13.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        21027                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2006849     89.97%     89.97% |           0      0.00%     89.97% |       32536      1.46%     91.43% |       28692      1.29%     92.71% |       27884      1.25%     93.96% |       29338      1.32%     95.28% |       26805      1.20%     96.48% |       28703      1.29%     97.77% |       23693      1.06%     98.83% |       26130      1.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2230630                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     5127142     96.96%     96.96% |           0      0.00%     96.96% |       29908      0.57%     97.52% |       18021      0.34%     97.87% |       17824      0.34%     98.20% |       18606      0.35%     98.55% |       15756      0.30%     98.85% |       26655      0.50%     99.36% |       16196      0.31%     99.66% |       17852      0.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      5287960                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         318    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      167742     51.84%     51.84% |           0      0.00%     51.84% |       21984      6.79%     58.64% |       18021      5.57%     64.20% |       19020      5.88%     70.08% |       17896      5.53%     75.61% |       18526      5.73%     81.34% |       22508      6.96%     88.30% |       19046      5.89%     94.18% |       18827      5.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       323570                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       21399      7.99%      7.99% |       40284     15.05%     23.04% |       37854     14.14%     37.18% |       38886     14.53%     51.71% |       39554     14.77%     66.48% |       22399      8.37%     74.85% |       32486     12.13%     86.98% |       34854     13.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       267716                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          30      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       17487      8.25%      8.26% |       30493     14.38%     22.64% |       28796     13.58%     36.22% |       32363     15.26%     51.48% |       29875     14.09%     65.57% |       18218      8.59%     74.16% |       27706     13.07%     87.23% |       27087     12.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total       212055                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8      3.85%      3.85% |          30     14.42%     18.27% |          39     18.75%     37.02% |          24     11.54%     48.56% |          33     15.87%     64.42% |          21     10.10%     74.52% |          17      8.17%     82.69% |          36     17.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total          208                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         127    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      141776     54.17%     54.17% |          11      0.00%     54.18% |       12664      4.84%     59.01% |       15961      6.10%     65.11% |       15679      5.99%     71.10% |       16191      6.19%     77.29% |       15826      6.05%     83.34% |       13612      5.20%     88.54% |       14750      5.64%     94.17% |       15246      5.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       261716                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27      0.01%      0.01% |       25916     11.12%     11.13% |       31580     13.55%     24.68% |       30131     12.93%     37.61% |       30214     12.96%     50.57% |       32068     13.76%     64.33% |       26687     11.45%     75.78% |       27715     11.89%     87.67% |       28747     12.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       233085                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123467     57.48%     57.48% |           0      0.00%     57.48% |        9418      4.38%     61.86% |       11929      5.55%     67.42% |       12321      5.74%     73.15% |       12491      5.82%     78.97% |       11745      5.47%     84.44% |       11497      5.35%     89.79% |       10854      5.05%     94.84% |       11082      5.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       214804                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2647      9.15%      9.15% |        3603     12.46%     21.61% |        3986     13.78%     35.39% |        3969     13.72%     49.12% |        4163     14.39%     63.51% |        3069     10.61%     74.12% |        3741     12.94%     87.06% |        3743     12.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total        28921                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      146896     29.89%     29.89% |           0      0.00%     29.89% |       35063      7.13%     37.02% |       45237      9.20%     46.23% |       45749      9.31%     55.53% |       45285      9.21%     64.75% |       45868      9.33%     74.08% |       37251      7.58%     81.66% |       45333      9.22%     90.88% |       44818      9.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       491500                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1519     10.61%     10.61% |        1824     12.74%     23.34% |        1548     10.81%     34.15% |        1564     10.92%     45.07% |        1216      8.49%     53.56% |        1065      7.44%     61.00% |        3454     24.12%     85.11% |        2132     14.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        14322                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         390      7.68%      7.68% |         765     15.06%     22.73% |         540     10.63%     33.36% |         657     12.93%     46.29% |         707     13.91%     60.20% |         271      5.33%     65.54% |         944     18.58%     84.12% |         807     15.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total         5081                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       20525      7.94%      7.94% |       40977     15.86%     23.80% |       36726     14.21%     38.01% |       40284     15.59%     53.60% |       38667     14.96%     68.56% |       20105      7.78%     76.34% |       29274     11.33%     87.67% |       31863     12.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total       258421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       20066      8.70%      8.71% |       35492     15.39%     24.10% |       32058     13.90%     38.00% |       34986     15.17%     53.17% |       33881     14.69%     67.86% |       19342      8.39%     76.25% |       26438     11.46%     87.72% |       28329     12.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total       230611                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8      3.85%      3.85% |          30     14.42%     18.27% |          39     18.75%     37.02% |          24     11.54%     48.56% |          33     15.87%     64.42% |          21     10.10%     74.52% |          17      8.17%     82.69% |          36     17.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total          208                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1526    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1526                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         129    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     33.33%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      287594     60.19%     60.19% |           0      0.00%     60.19% |       26288      5.50%     65.69% |       22312      4.67%     70.36% |       23325      4.88%     75.24% |       22188      4.64%     79.88% |       22823      4.78%     84.66% |       27122      5.68%     90.33% |       23064      4.83%     95.16% |       23119      4.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       477835                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           2     22.22%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     11.11%     44.44% |           2     22.22%     66.67% |           1     11.11%     77.78% |           1     11.11%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3826      3.11%      3.11% |        3774      3.07%      6.17% |        3474      2.82%      9.00% |        3488      2.83%     11.83% |        3535      2.87%     14.70% |        4042      3.28%     17.98% |        3712      3.02%     21.00% |        3294      2.68%     23.67% |        3535      2.87%     26.55% |        5127      4.16%     30.71% |        3879      3.15%     33.86% |        3783      3.07%     36.93% |        3542      2.88%     39.81% |        4269      3.47%     43.28% |        3863      3.14%     46.42% |        3769      3.06%     49.48% |        4083      3.32%     52.80% |        4108      3.34%     56.13% |        3604      2.93%     59.06% |        3284      2.67%     61.73% |        3062      2.49%     64.22% |        3644      2.96%     67.18% |        3495      2.84%     70.01% |        3386      2.75%     72.76% |        3603      2.93%     75.69% |        3630      2.95%     78.64% |        3246      2.64%     81.28% |        4532      3.68%     84.96% |        3914      3.18%     88.14% |        5150      4.18%     92.32% |        5003      4.06%     96.39% |        4450      3.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123106                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       44914      7.50%      7.50% |       18454      3.08%     10.59% |       17629      2.94%     13.53% |       18354      3.07%     16.60% |       17845      2.98%     19.58% |       17403      2.91%     22.48% |       17259      2.88%     25.37% |       17154      2.87%     28.23% |       17440      2.91%     31.15% |       17777      2.97%     34.11% |       19669      3.29%     37.40% |       19374      3.24%     40.64% |       18208      3.04%     43.68% |       17705      2.96%     46.64% |       16969      2.83%     49.47% |       17212      2.88%     52.35% |       18278      3.05%     55.40% |       17677      2.95%     58.35% |       17866      2.98%     61.34% |       17781      2.97%     64.31% |       17868      2.98%     67.29% |       18957      3.17%     70.46% |       17503      2.92%     73.38% |       17174      2.87%     76.25% |       17504      2.92%     79.17% |       17892      2.99%     82.16% |       17484      2.92%     85.08% |       17015      2.84%     87.92% |       17499      2.92%     90.85% |       17085      2.85%     93.70% |       17557      2.93%     96.63% |       20149      3.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       598655                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       18513      3.49%      3.49% |       16635      3.14%      6.63% |       16249      3.06%      9.69% |       16469      3.11%     12.80% |       16515      3.11%     15.91% |       16322      3.08%     18.99% |       16091      3.03%     22.02% |       16172      3.05%     25.07% |       16424      3.10%     28.17% |       16247      3.06%     31.23% |       16199      3.05%     34.29% |       16877      3.18%     37.47% |       16508      3.11%     40.58% |       16186      3.05%     43.63% |       16152      3.05%     46.68% |       16242      3.06%     49.74% |       16517      3.11%     52.86% |       16258      3.07%     55.92% |       16477      3.11%     59.03% |       16640      3.14%     62.17% |       16587      3.13%     65.30% |       17404      3.28%     68.58% |       16350      3.08%     71.66% |       16395      3.09%     74.75% |       16899      3.19%     77.94% |       16576      3.13%     81.06% |       16561      3.12%     84.19% |       16930      3.19%     87.38% |       16556      3.12%     90.50% |       16513      3.11%     93.62% |       17003      3.21%     96.82% |       16858      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       530325                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |        6564      3.16%      3.16% |        6358      3.06%      6.23% |        6464      3.11%      9.34% |        6459      3.11%     12.45% |        6556      3.16%     15.61% |        6395      3.08%     18.69% |        6438      3.10%     21.79% |        6463      3.11%     24.91% |        6651      3.20%     28.11% |        6424      3.09%     31.21% |        6451      3.11%     34.31% |        6466      3.12%     37.43% |        6599      3.18%     40.61% |        6440      3.10%     43.71% |        6465      3.11%     46.82% |        6418      3.09%     49.92% |        6642      3.20%     53.12% |        6454      3.11%     56.23% |        6434      3.10%     59.33% |        6440      3.10%     62.43% |        6617      3.19%     65.62% |        6439      3.10%     68.72% |        6481      3.12%     71.84% |        6507      3.13%     74.98% |        6537      3.15%     78.13% |        6490      3.13%     81.25% |        6540      3.15%     84.40% |        6528      3.15%     87.55% |        6529      3.15%     90.69% |        6417      3.09%     93.78% |        6438      3.10%     96.89% |        6463      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total       207567                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       42876      8.97%      8.97% |       14999      3.14%     12.11% |       13673      2.86%     14.97% |       14592      3.05%     18.03% |       13810      2.89%     20.92% |       13445      2.81%     23.73% |       13066      2.73%     26.46% |       13110      2.74%     29.21% |       13312      2.79%     31.99% |       13873      2.90%     34.90% |       15626      3.27%     38.17% |       15917      3.33%     41.50% |       14013      2.93%     44.43% |       13640      2.85%     47.29% |       12807      2.68%     49.97% |       13201      2.76%     52.73% |       14159      2.96%     55.69% |       13673      2.86%     58.55% |       14016      2.93%     61.49% |       14047      2.94%     64.43% |       13692      2.87%     67.29% |       16132      3.38%     70.67% |       13600      2.85%     73.51% |       13289      2.78%     76.29% |       13752      2.88%     79.17% |       14126      2.96%     82.13% |       13667      2.86%     84.99% |       13628      2.85%     87.84% |       13523      2.83%     90.67% |       13334      2.79%     93.46% |       14449      3.02%     96.48% |       16799      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       477846                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        8040      3.67%      3.67% |        6814      3.11%      6.77% |        6843      3.12%      9.89% |        6807      3.10%     13.00% |        6790      3.10%     16.09% |        6805      3.10%     19.20% |        6794      3.10%     22.30% |        6801      3.10%     25.40% |        6821      3.11%     28.51% |        6830      3.11%     31.62% |        6851      3.12%     34.75% |        6833      3.12%     37.86% |        6817      3.11%     40.97% |        6844      3.12%     44.09% |        6817      3.11%     47.20% |        6812      3.11%     50.31% |        6850      3.12%     53.43% |        6824      3.11%     56.54% |        6831      3.11%     59.66% |        6830      3.11%     62.77% |        6818      3.11%     65.88% |        6854      3.13%     69.00% |        6826      3.11%     72.12% |        6780      3.09%     75.21% |        6802      3.10%     78.31% |        6807      3.10%     81.41% |        6791      3.10%     84.51% |        6797      3.10%     87.61% |        6791      3.10%     90.71% |        6781      3.09%     93.80% |        6791      3.10%     96.90% |        6808      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       219300                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        1818      3.42%      3.42% |        1698      3.19%      6.61% |        1729      3.25%      9.87% |        1673      3.15%     13.01% |        1675      3.15%     16.16% |        1667      3.14%     19.30% |        1670      3.14%     22.44% |        1654      3.11%     25.55% |        1670      3.14%     28.70% |        1703      3.20%     31.90% |        1689      3.18%     35.08% |        1643      3.09%     38.17% |        1689      3.18%     41.34% |        1683      3.17%     44.51% |        1699      3.20%     47.71% |        1644      3.09%     50.80% |        1659      3.12%     53.92% |        1643      3.09%     57.01% |        1633      3.07%     60.08% |        1622      3.05%     63.13% |        1625      3.06%     66.19% |        1639      3.08%     69.27% |        1624      3.05%     72.33% |        1613      3.03%     75.36% |        1652      3.11%     78.47% |        1675      3.15%     81.62% |        1665      3.13%     84.75% |        1620      3.05%     87.80% |        1642      3.09%     90.89% |        1621      3.05%     93.94% |        1621      3.05%     96.99% |        1601      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total        53159                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10974      3.59%      3.59% |        9562      3.12%      6.71% |        9620      3.14%      9.85% |        9528      3.11%     12.97% |        9513      3.11%     16.07% |        9520      3.11%     19.18% |        9512      3.11%     22.29% |        9503      3.10%     25.40% |        9539      3.12%     28.51% |        9581      3.13%     31.64% |        9587      3.13%     34.78% |        9523      3.11%     37.89% |        9553      3.12%     41.01% |        9574      3.13%     44.14% |        9563      3.12%     47.26% |        9503      3.10%     50.37% |        9556      3.12%     53.49% |        9515      3.11%     56.60% |        9512      3.11%     59.71% |        9500      3.10%     62.81% |        9491      3.10%     65.91% |        9542      3.12%     69.03% |        9498      3.10%     72.13% |        9440      3.08%     75.22% |        9502      3.10%     78.32% |        9531      3.11%     81.44% |        9505      3.11%     84.54% |        9463      3.09%     87.63% |        9480      3.10%     90.73% |        9450      3.09%     93.82% |        9461      3.09%     96.91% |        9458      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       306059                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9950      3.64%      3.64% |        8538      3.12%      6.76% |        8596      3.15%      9.91% |        8504      3.11%     13.02% |        8489      3.11%     16.13% |        8496      3.11%     19.24% |        8488      3.11%     22.34% |        8479      3.10%     25.45% |        8515      3.12%     28.56% |        8557      3.13%     31.69% |        8563      3.13%     34.83% |        8499      3.11%     37.94% |        8529      3.12%     41.06% |        8550      3.13%     44.18% |        8539      3.12%     47.31% |        8479      3.10%     50.41% |        8532      3.12%     53.53% |        8491      3.11%     56.64% |        8488      3.11%     59.75% |        8476      3.10%     62.85% |        8467      3.10%     65.95% |        8518      3.12%     69.06% |        8474      3.10%     72.16% |        8416      3.08%     75.24% |        8478      3.10%     78.35% |        8507      3.11%     81.46% |        8481      3.10%     84.56% |        8439      3.09%     87.65% |        8456      3.09%     90.74% |        8426      3.08%     93.83% |        8437      3.09%     96.91% |        8434      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       273291                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        6811      3.21%      3.21% |        6546      3.08%      6.29% |        6658      3.14%      9.42% |        6611      3.11%     12.54% |        6756      3.18%     15.72% |        6561      3.09%     18.81% |        6602      3.11%     21.92% |        6608      3.11%     25.03% |        6779      3.19%     28.22% |        6626      3.12%     31.34% |        6617      3.12%     34.46% |        6623      3.12%     37.57% |        6771      3.19%     40.76% |        6585      3.10%     43.86% |        6594      3.10%     46.97% |        6578      3.10%     50.06% |        6776      3.19%     53.26% |        6645      3.13%     56.38% |        6572      3.09%     59.48% |        6537      3.08%     62.56% |        6771      3.19%     65.75% |        6582      3.10%     68.84% |        6607      3.11%     71.96% |        6593      3.10%     75.06% |        6652      3.13%     78.19% |        6587      3.10%     81.29% |        6605      3.11%     84.40% |        6565      3.09%     87.49% |        6731      3.17%     90.66% |        6599      3.11%     93.77% |        6632      3.12%     96.89% |        6596      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total       212376                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         661      3.14%      3.14% |         667      3.17%      6.32% |         651      3.10%      9.41% |         655      3.12%     12.53% |         670      3.19%     15.71% |         672      3.20%     18.91% |         650      3.09%     22.00% |         654      3.11%     25.11% |         670      3.19%     28.30% |         650      3.09%     31.39% |         667      3.17%     34.56% |         655      3.12%     37.68% |         647      3.08%     40.75% |         668      3.18%     43.93% |         668      3.18%     47.11% |         647      3.08%     50.18% |         657      3.12%     53.31% |         648      3.08%     56.39% |         644      3.06%     59.45% |         657      3.12%     62.58% |         666      3.17%     65.74% |         637      3.03%     68.77% |         669      3.18%     71.96% |         652      3.10%     75.06% |         645      3.07%     78.12% |         650      3.09%     81.21% |         644      3.06%     84.28% |         642      3.05%     87.33% |         682      3.24%     90.57% |         661      3.14%     93.72% |         656      3.12%     96.84% |         665      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        21027                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         400      3.10%      3.10% |         398      3.08%      6.18% |         407      3.15%      9.33% |         408      3.16%     12.50% |         405      3.14%     15.63% |         406      3.15%     18.78% |         406      3.15%     21.92% |         406      3.15%     25.07% |         411      3.18%     28.25% |         406      3.15%     31.40% |         416      3.22%     34.62% |         407      3.15%     37.77% |         407      3.15%     40.92% |         407      3.15%     44.08% |         407      3.15%     47.23% |         408      3.16%     50.39% |         407      3.15%     53.54% |         408      3.16%     56.70% |         406      3.15%     59.85% |         399      3.09%     62.94% |         400      3.10%     66.04% |         398      3.08%     69.12% |         399      3.09%     72.21% |         403      3.12%     75.34% |         397      3.08%     78.41% |         403      3.12%     81.53% |         395      3.06%     84.59% |         399      3.09%     87.68% |         398      3.08%     90.77% |         398      3.08%     93.85% |         397      3.08%     96.92% |         397      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        12909                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         500      3.34%      3.34% |         456      3.04%      6.38% |         454      3.03%      9.41% |         447      2.98%     12.39% |         460      3.07%     15.46% |         471      3.14%     18.61% |         462      3.08%     21.69% |         461      3.08%     24.77% |         468      3.12%     27.89% |         475      3.17%     31.06% |         487      3.25%     34.31% |         476      3.18%     37.49% |         492      3.28%     40.77% |         496      3.31%     44.08% |         500      3.34%     47.42% |         485      3.24%     50.65% |         487      3.25%     53.90% |         472      3.15%     57.05% |         468      3.12%     60.18% |         447      2.98%     63.16% |         440      2.94%     66.10% |         469      3.13%     69.23% |         449      3.00%     72.22% |         446      2.98%     75.20% |         474      3.16%     78.36% |         478      3.19%     81.55% |         487      3.25%     84.80% |         456      3.04%     87.85% |         451      3.01%     90.86% |         454      3.03%     93.89% |         463      3.09%     96.98% |         453      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        14984                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        7410      3.18%      3.18% |        7206      3.09%      6.27% |        7299      3.13%      9.40% |        7258      3.11%     12.52% |        7419      3.18%     15.70% |        7229      3.10%     18.80% |        7247      3.11%     21.91% |        7255      3.11%     25.02% |        7441      3.19%     28.21% |        7268      3.12%     31.33% |        7277      3.12%     34.45% |        7272      3.12%     37.57% |        7410      3.18%     40.75% |        7249      3.11%     43.86% |        7256      3.11%     46.98% |        7220      3.10%     50.07% |        7427      3.19%     53.26% |        7286      3.13%     56.39% |        7209      3.09%     59.48% |        7184      3.08%     62.56% |        7425      3.19%     65.75% |        7206      3.09%     68.84% |        7265      3.12%     71.96% |        7234      3.10%     75.06% |        7287      3.13%     78.19% |        7228      3.10%     81.29% |        7239      3.11%     84.39% |        7196      3.09%     87.48% |        7400      3.17%     90.65% |        7251      3.11%     93.77% |        7275      3.12%     96.89% |        7257      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total       233085                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       59034      6.00%      6.00% |       30715      3.12%      9.12% |       29444      2.99%     12.12% |       30326      3.08%     15.20% |       29869      3.04%     18.23% |       29176      2.97%     21.20% |       28790      2.93%     24.13% |       28858      2.93%     27.06% |       29383      2.99%     30.05% |       29586      3.01%     33.05% |       31340      3.19%     36.24% |       31670      3.22%     39.46% |       30086      3.06%     42.52% |       29346      2.98%     45.50% |       28535      2.90%     48.40% |       28910      2.94%     51.34% |       30268      3.08%     54.41% |       29386      2.99%     57.40% |       29667      3.02%     60.42% |       29749      3.02%     63.44% |       29817      3.03%     66.47% |       31860      3.24%     69.71% |       29316      2.98%     72.69% |       28996      2.95%     75.64% |       29744      3.02%     78.66% |       29886      3.04%     81.70% |       29367      2.98%     84.68% |       29278      2.98%     87.66% |       29600      3.01%     90.67% |       29102      2.96%     93.62% |       30190      3.07%     96.69% |       32533      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       983827                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.04%     11.04% |          52      3.12%     14.17% |          48      2.88%     17.05% |          48      2.88%     19.93% |          48      2.88%     22.81% |          48      2.88%     25.69% |          48      2.88%     28.57% |          48      2.88%     31.45% |          48      2.88%     34.33% |          48      2.88%     37.21% |          46      2.76%     39.98% |          46      2.76%     42.74% |          46      2.76%     45.50% |          46      2.76%     48.26% |          46      2.76%     51.02% |          46      2.76%     53.78% |          46      2.76%     56.54% |          48      2.88%     59.42% |          48      2.88%     62.30% |          48      2.88%     65.19% |          48      2.88%     68.07% |          50      3.00%     71.07% |          48      2.88%     73.95% |          46      2.76%     76.71% |          48      2.88%     79.59% |          50      3.00%     82.59% |          50      3.00%     85.59% |          46      2.76%     88.36% |          46      2.76%     91.12% |          48      2.88%     94.00% |          50      3.00%     97.00% |          50      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1666                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         410      3.27%      3.27% |         374      2.98%      6.25% |         379      3.02%      9.28% |         373      2.98%     12.25% |         383      3.06%     15.31% |         382      3.05%     18.36% |         380      3.03%     21.39% |         385      3.07%     24.46% |         389      3.10%     27.56% |         401      3.20%     30.76% |         406      3.24%     34.00% |         398      3.18%     37.18% |         416      3.32%     40.49% |         417      3.33%     43.82% |         420      3.35%     47.17% |         409      3.26%     50.43% |         414      3.30%     53.74% |         400      3.19%     56.93% |         391      3.12%     60.05% |         372      2.97%     63.02% |         363      2.90%     65.91% |         387      3.09%     69.00% |         373      2.98%     71.97% |         372      2.97%     74.94% |         399      3.18%     78.13% |         406      3.24%     81.36% |         414      3.30%     84.67% |         387      3.09%     87.75% |         388      3.10%     90.85% |         381      3.04%     93.89% |         394      3.14%     97.03% |         372      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12535                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5290      4.14%      4.14% |        4016      3.14%      7.28% |        4067      3.18%     10.47% |        3979      3.11%     13.58% |        3971      3.11%     16.69% |        3965      3.10%     19.79% |        3970      3.11%     22.90% |        3960      3.10%     26.00% |        3970      3.11%     29.10% |        3998      3.13%     32.23% |        4013      3.14%     35.37% |        3928      3.07%     38.45% |        3949      3.09%     41.54% |        3971      3.11%     44.65% |        3967      3.10%     47.75% |        3929      3.07%     50.82% |        3963      3.10%     53.93% |        3934      3.08%     57.00% |        3938      3.08%     60.09% |        3946      3.09%     63.17% |        3947      3.09%     66.26% |        3955      3.10%     69.36% |        3951      3.09%     72.45% |        3899      3.05%     75.50% |        3928      3.07%     78.58% |        3945      3.09%     81.66% |        3908      3.06%     84.72% |        3901      3.05%     87.77% |        3919      3.07%     90.84% |        3894      3.05%     93.89% |        3884      3.04%     96.93% |        3924      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       127779                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        5274      3.18%      3.18% |        5172      3.12%      6.30% |        5174      3.12%      9.42% |        5176      3.12%     12.55% |        5159      3.11%     15.66% |        5173      3.12%     18.78% |        5162      3.11%     21.89% |        5158      3.11%     25.01% |        5180      3.13%     28.13% |        5182      3.13%     31.26% |        5168      3.12%     34.38% |        5197      3.14%     37.51% |        5188      3.13%     40.64% |        5186      3.13%     43.77% |        5176      3.12%     46.89% |        5165      3.12%     50.01% |        5179      3.12%     53.13% |        5181      3.13%     56.26% |        5183      3.13%     59.39% |        5182      3.13%     62.51% |        5181      3.13%     65.64% |        5200      3.14%     68.78% |        5174      3.12%     71.90% |        5169      3.12%     75.02% |        5175      3.12%     78.14% |        5180      3.13%     81.27% |        5183      3.13%     84.39% |        5176      3.12%     87.52% |        5173      3.12%     90.64% |        5175      3.12%     93.76% |        5183      3.13%     96.89% |        5162      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       165746                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3412      3.09%      3.09% |        3393      3.07%      6.16% |        3090      2.80%      8.96% |        3111      2.82%     11.77% |        3151      2.85%     14.62% |        3653      3.31%     17.93% |        3330      3.01%     20.95% |        2908      2.63%     23.58% |        3145      2.85%     26.42% |        4724      4.28%     30.70% |        3471      3.14%     33.84% |        3384      3.06%     36.91% |        3122      2.83%     39.73% |        3851      3.49%     43.22% |        3439      3.11%     46.33% |        3360      3.04%     49.37% |        3668      3.32%     52.69% |        3706      3.35%     56.05% |        3200      2.90%     58.94% |        2906      2.63%     61.57% |        2697      2.44%     64.01% |        3256      2.95%     66.96% |        3120      2.82%     69.78% |        3012      2.73%     72.51% |        3200      2.90%     75.41% |        3223      2.92%     78.33% |        2830      2.56%     80.89% |        4145      3.75%     84.64% |        3522      3.19%     87.83% |        4765      4.31%     92.14% |        4606      4.17%     96.31% |        4078      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110478                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        2736      3.10%      3.10% |        2695      3.06%      6.16% |        2769      3.14%      9.31% |        2789      3.16%     12.47% |        2812      3.19%     15.66% |        2819      3.20%     18.86% |        2863      3.25%     22.11% |        2736      3.10%     25.21% |        2794      3.17%     28.38% |        2729      3.10%     31.48% |        2829      3.21%     34.69% |        2734      3.10%     37.79% |        2772      3.15%     40.94% |        2731      3.10%     44.04% |        2790      3.17%     47.20% |        2745      3.11%     50.32% |        2775      3.15%     53.47% |        2734      3.10%     56.57% |        2820      3.20%     59.77% |        2731      3.10%     62.87% |        2774      3.15%     66.02% |        2726      3.09%     69.11% |        2752      3.12%     72.23% |        2665      3.02%     75.26% |        2742      3.11%     78.37% |        2699      3.06%     81.43% |        2746      3.12%     84.55% |        2699      3.06%     87.61% |        2759      3.13%     90.74% |        2728      3.10%     93.84% |        2716      3.08%     96.92% |        2714      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        88123                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |        1002      3.19%      3.19% |         990      3.15%      6.34% |         996      3.17%      9.51% |         981      3.12%     12.63% |        1008      3.21%     15.84% |         988      3.14%     18.98% |         978      3.11%     22.09% |         968      3.08%     25.17% |         965      3.07%     28.24% |        1002      3.19%     31.43% |         969      3.08%     34.51% |         978      3.11%     37.63% |        1020      3.25%     40.87% |         989      3.15%     44.02% |         982      3.12%     47.14% |         985      3.13%     50.28% |         981      3.12%     53.40% |         999      3.18%     56.58% |         989      3.15%     59.72% |         962      3.06%     62.78% |         984      3.13%     65.92% |         979      3.12%     69.03% |         968      3.08%     72.11% |         961      3.06%     75.17% |         972      3.09%     78.26% |         967      3.08%     81.34% |         986      3.14%     84.48% |         950      3.02%     87.50% |         998      3.18%     90.67% |         978      3.11%     93.79% |        1008      3.21%     96.99% |         945      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total        31428                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |        6412      3.18%      3.18% |        6208      3.08%      6.26% |        6306      3.13%      9.38% |        6282      3.11%     12.50% |        6410      3.18%     15.68% |        6232      3.09%     18.77% |        6267      3.11%     21.87% |        6286      3.12%     24.99% |        6475      3.21%     28.20% |        6276      3.11%     31.31% |        6295      3.12%     34.43% |        6290      3.12%     37.55% |        6399      3.17%     40.72% |        6258      3.10%     43.83% |        6265      3.11%     46.93% |        6237      3.09%     50.03% |        6444      3.20%     53.22% |        6293      3.12%     56.34% |        6241      3.09%     59.44% |        6225      3.09%     62.52% |        6431      3.19%     65.71% |        6245      3.10%     68.81% |        6294      3.12%     71.93% |        6277      3.11%     75.04% |        6325      3.14%     78.18% |        6262      3.10%     81.28% |        6266      3.11%     84.39% |        6257      3.10%     87.49% |        6389      3.17%     90.66% |        6263      3.11%     93.76% |        6266      3.11%     96.87% |        6314      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total       201690                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      1.54%      1.54% |           2      3.08%      4.62% |          11     16.92%     21.54% |           1      1.54%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           3      4.62%     27.69% |           3      4.62%     32.31% |           3      4.62%     36.92% |           1      1.54%     38.46% |           3      4.62%     43.08% |          18     27.69%     70.77% |           1      1.54%     72.31% |           2      3.08%     75.38% |           2      3.08%     78.46% |           3      4.62%     83.08% |           2      3.08%     86.15% |           2      3.08%     89.23% |           1      1.54%     90.77% |           1      1.54%     92.31% |           1      1.54%     93.85% |           1      1.54%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           1      1.54%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         467      3.27%      3.27% |         433      3.03%      6.29% |         424      2.96%      9.26% |         430      3.01%     12.26% |         442      3.09%     15.35% |         440      3.08%     18.43% |         438      3.06%     21.49% |         442      3.09%     24.58% |         446      3.12%     27.70% |         454      3.17%     30.87% |         449      3.14%     34.01% |         455      3.18%     37.19% |         472      3.30%     40.50% |         473      3.31%     43.80% |         476      3.33%     47.13% |         464      3.24%     50.37% |         467      3.27%     53.64% |         454      3.17%     56.81% |         449      3.14%     59.95% |         425      2.97%     62.92% |         418      2.92%     65.85% |         439      3.07%     68.92% |         431      3.01%     71.93% |         430      3.01%     74.94% |         460      3.22%     78.15% |         463      3.24%     81.39% |         472      3.30%     84.69% |         440      3.08%     87.76% |         438      3.06%     90.83% |         436      3.05%     93.88% |         448      3.13%     97.01% |         428      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        14303                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.65%      4.65% |           7      8.14%     12.79% |           5      5.81%     18.60% |           4      4.65%     23.26% |           1      1.16%     24.42% |           7      8.14%     32.56% |           2      2.33%     34.88% |           1      1.16%     36.05% |           1      1.16%     37.21% |           2      2.33%     39.53% |           2      2.33%     41.86% |           1      1.16%     43.02% |           4      4.65%     47.67% |           1      1.16%     48.84% |           4      4.65%     53.49% |           0      0.00%     53.49% |           1      1.16%     54.65% |           2      2.33%     56.98% |          13     15.12%     72.09% |           4      4.65%     76.74% |           2      2.33%     79.07% |           1      1.16%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           2      2.33%     84.88% |           4      4.65%     89.53% |           1      1.16%     90.70% |           2      2.33%     93.02% |           0      0.00%     93.02% |           3      3.49%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       29097     21.42%     21.42% |        4173      3.07%     24.49% |        3104      2.29%     26.78% |        3926      2.89%     29.67% |        3258      2.40%     32.07% |        3000      2.21%     34.28% |        2778      2.05%     36.32% |        2794      2.06%     38.38% |        2838      2.09%     40.47% |        3389      2.50%     42.96% |        5154      3.79%     46.76% |        4978      3.66%     50.42% |        3631      2.67%     53.10% |        3327      2.45%     55.55% |        2529      1.86%     57.41% |        2880      2.12%     59.53% |        3703      2.73%     62.26% |        3291      2.42%     64.68% |        3448      2.54%     67.22% |        3408      2.51%     69.73% |        3253      2.39%     72.12% |        4628      3.41%     75.53% |        3094      2.28%     77.81% |        2873      2.12%     79.92% |        3039      2.24%     82.16% |        3535      2.60%     84.76% |        3087      2.27%     87.03% |        2687      1.98%     89.01% |        3019      2.22%     91.24% |        2774      2.04%     93.28% |        3325      2.45%     95.73% |        5806      4.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       135826                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        3504      6.31%      6.31% |        1854      3.34%      9.65% |        1545      2.78%     12.43% |        1725      3.11%     15.54% |        1638      2.95%     18.49% |        1532      2.76%     21.25% |        1373      2.47%     23.73% |        1414      2.55%     26.27% |        1547      2.79%     29.06% |        1523      2.74%     31.80% |        1514      2.73%     34.53% |        2031      3.66%     38.19% |        1458      2.63%     40.81% |        1373      2.47%     43.29% |        1352      2.44%     45.72% |        1442      2.60%     48.32% |        1528      2.75%     51.07% |        1481      2.67%     53.74% |        1652      2.98%     56.72% |        1729      3.11%     59.83% |        1537      2.77%     62.60% |        2584      4.65%     67.26% |        1600      2.88%     70.14% |        1564      2.82%     72.95% |        1821      3.28%     76.23% |        1679      3.02%     79.26% |        1702      3.07%     82.33% |        2080      3.75%     86.07% |        1621      2.92%     88.99% |        1704      3.07%     92.06% |        2276      4.10%     96.16% |        2131      3.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        55514                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        8034      3.67%      3.67% |        6805      3.11%      6.77% |        6826      3.12%      9.89% |        6803      3.10%     12.99% |        6788      3.10%     16.09% |        6797      3.10%     19.19% |        6791      3.10%     22.29% |        6798      3.10%     25.39% |        6817      3.11%     28.50% |        6822      3.11%     31.62% |        6830      3.12%     34.73% |        6827      3.12%     37.85% |        6812      3.11%     40.96% |        6841      3.12%     44.08% |        6811      3.11%     47.19% |        6809      3.11%     50.30% |        6846      3.12%     53.42% |        6822      3.11%     56.53% |        6827      3.12%     59.65% |        6826      3.12%     62.76% |        6812      3.11%     65.87% |        6846      3.12%     69.00% |        6822      3.11%     72.11% |        6778      3.09%     75.20% |        6798      3.10%     78.31% |        6804      3.11%     81.41% |        6787      3.10%     84.51% |        6794      3.10%     87.61% |        6785      3.10%     90.70% |        6777      3.09%     93.80% |        6788      3.10%     96.90% |        6803      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       219126                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        1318      3.46%      3.46% |        1244      3.27%      6.73% |        1282      3.37%     10.09% |        1222      3.21%     13.30% |        1210      3.18%     16.48% |        1200      3.15%     19.63% |        1206      3.17%     22.80% |        1189      3.12%     25.92% |        1198      3.15%     29.06% |        1228      3.22%     32.29% |        1216      3.19%     35.48% |        1167      3.06%     38.54% |        1194      3.13%     41.68% |        1186      3.11%     44.79% |        1199      3.15%     47.94% |        1157      3.04%     50.98% |        1170      3.07%     54.05% |        1166      3.06%     57.11% |        1162      3.05%     60.16% |        1169      3.07%     63.23% |        1179      3.10%     66.33% |        1165      3.06%     69.39% |        1168      3.07%     72.45% |        1158      3.04%     75.49% |        1172      3.08%     78.57% |        1191      3.13%     81.70% |        1172      3.08%     84.77% |        1156      3.04%     87.81% |        1184      3.11%     90.92% |        1162      3.05%     93.97% |        1148      3.01%     96.98% |        1149      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        38087                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        7410      3.18%      3.18% |        7206      3.09%      6.27% |        7299      3.13%      9.40% |        7258      3.11%     12.52% |        7419      3.18%     15.70% |        7229      3.10%     18.80% |        7247      3.11%     21.91% |        7255      3.11%     25.02% |        7441      3.19%     28.21% |        7268      3.12%     31.33% |        7277      3.12%     34.45% |        7272      3.12%     37.57% |        7410      3.18%     40.75% |        7249      3.11%     43.86% |        7256      3.11%     46.98% |        7220      3.10%     50.07% |        7427      3.19%     53.26% |        7286      3.13%     56.39% |        7209      3.09%     59.48% |        7184      3.08%     62.56% |        7425      3.19%     65.75% |        7206      3.09%     68.84% |        7265      3.12%     71.96% |        7234      3.10%     75.06% |        7287      3.13%     78.19% |        7228      3.10%     81.29% |        7239      3.11%     84.39% |        7196      3.09%     87.48% |        7400      3.17%     90.65% |        7251      3.11%     93.77% |        7275      3.12%     96.89% |        7257      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total       233085                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |        8515      3.18%      3.18% |        8349      3.12%      6.30% |        8310      3.10%      9.40% |        8319      3.11%     12.51% |        8483      3.17%     15.68% |        8334      3.11%     18.79% |        8321      3.11%     21.90% |        8339      3.11%     25.01% |        8467      3.16%     28.18% |        8285      3.09%     31.27% |        8276      3.09%     34.36% |        8324      3.11%     37.47% |        8508      3.18%     40.65% |        8301      3.10%     43.75% |        8313      3.10%     46.85% |        8335      3.11%     49.97% |        8528      3.19%     53.15% |        8272      3.09%     56.24% |        8286      3.09%     59.34% |        8356      3.12%     62.46% |        8532      3.19%     65.64% |        8345      3.12%     68.76% |        8290      3.10%     71.86% |        8315      3.11%     74.96% |        8551      3.19%     78.16% |        8377      3.13%     81.29% |        8305      3.10%     84.39% |        8296      3.10%     87.49% |        8523      3.18%     90.67% |        8362      3.12%     93.79% |        8305      3.10%     96.90% |        8311      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total       267733                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       42876      8.97%      8.97% |       14999      3.14%     12.11% |       13671      2.86%     14.97% |       14592      3.05%     18.03% |       13810      2.89%     20.92% |       13445      2.81%     23.73% |       13066      2.73%     26.46% |       13109      2.74%     29.21% |       13312      2.79%     31.99% |       13873      2.90%     34.90% |       15626      3.27%     38.17% |       15917      3.33%     41.50% |       14012      2.93%     44.43% |       13640      2.85%     47.29% |       12807      2.68%     49.97% |       13201      2.76%     52.73% |       14159      2.96%     55.69% |       13673      2.86%     58.55% |       14016      2.93%     61.49% |       14047      2.94%     64.43% |       13691      2.87%     67.29% |       16132      3.38%     70.67% |       13599      2.85%     73.51% |       13289      2.78%     76.29% |       13751      2.88%     79.17% |       14126      2.96%     82.13% |       13666      2.86%     84.99% |       13628      2.85%     87.84% |       13522      2.83%     90.67% |       13332      2.79%     93.46% |       14449      3.02%     96.48% |       16799      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       477835                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           5      4.59%      4.59% |           7      6.42%     11.01% |           6      5.50%     16.51% |           3      2.75%     19.27% |           2      1.83%     21.10% |           5      4.59%     25.69% |           0      0.00%     25.69% |           0      0.00%     25.69% |           3      2.75%     28.44% |           5      4.59%     33.03% |           3      2.75%     35.78% |           5      4.59%     40.37% |           3      2.75%     43.12% |           1      0.92%     44.04% |           3      2.75%     46.79% |           1      0.92%     47.71% |           2      1.83%     49.54% |           1      0.92%     50.46% |           3      2.75%     53.21% |           3      2.75%     55.96% |           5      4.59%     60.55% |           7      6.42%     66.97% |           4      3.67%     70.64% |           2      1.83%     72.48% |           4      3.67%     76.15% |           3      2.75%     78.90% |           4      3.67%     82.57% |           3      2.75%     85.32% |           5      4.59%     89.91% |           3      2.75%     92.66% |           3      2.75%     95.41% |           5      4.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          109                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          33      4.29%      4.29% |          21      2.73%      7.02% |          23      2.99%     10.01% |          21      2.73%     12.74% |          23      2.99%     15.73% |          27      3.51%     19.25% |          26      3.38%     22.63% |          23      2.99%     25.62% |          26      3.38%     29.00% |          21      2.73%     31.73% |          24      3.12%     34.85% |          21      2.73%     37.58% |          23      2.99%     40.57% |          24      3.12%     43.69% |          24      3.12%     46.81% |          23      2.99%     49.80% |          22      2.86%     52.67% |          23      2.99%     55.66% |          22      2.86%     58.52% |          28      3.64%     62.16% |          28      3.64%     65.80% |          35      4.55%     70.35% |          25      3.25%     73.60% |          25      3.25%     76.85% |          20      2.60%     79.45% |          21      2.73%     82.18% |          21      2.73%     84.92% |          24      3.12%     88.04% |          20      2.60%     90.64% |          23      2.99%     93.63% |          25      3.25%     96.88% |          24      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total          769                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     33.33%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9950      3.64%      3.64% |        8538      3.12%      6.76% |        8596      3.15%      9.91% |        8504      3.11%     13.02% |        8489      3.11%     16.13% |        8496      3.11%     19.24% |        8488      3.11%     22.34% |        8479      3.10%     25.45% |        8515      3.12%     28.56% |        8557      3.13%     31.69% |        8563      3.13%     34.83% |        8499      3.11%     37.94% |        8529      3.12%     41.06% |        8550      3.13%     44.18% |        8539      3.12%     47.31% |        8479      3.10%     50.41% |        8532      3.12%     53.53% |        8491      3.11%     56.64% |        8488      3.11%     59.75% |        8476      3.10%     62.85% |        8467      3.10%     65.95% |        8518      3.12%     69.06% |        8474      3.10%     72.16% |        8416      3.08%     75.24% |        8478      3.10%     78.35% |        8507      3.11%     81.46% |        8481      3.10%     84.56% |        8439      3.09%     87.65% |        8456      3.09%     90.74% |        8426      3.08%     93.83% |        8437      3.09%     96.91% |        8434      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       273291                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          58     48.33%     48.33% |           5      4.17%     52.50% |           4      3.33%     55.83% |           3      2.50%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           3      2.50%     60.83% |           2      1.67%     62.50% |           3      2.50%     65.00% |           2      1.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      0.83%     67.50% |           0      0.00%     67.50% |           1      0.83%     68.33% |           1      0.83%     69.17% |           2      1.67%     70.83% |           1      0.83%     71.67% |           3      2.50%     74.17% |           3      2.50%     76.67% |           3      2.50%     79.17% |           1      0.83%     80.00% |           3      2.50%     82.50% |           2      1.67%     84.17% |           3      2.50%     86.67% |           3      2.50%     89.17% |           5      4.17%     93.33% |           3      2.50%     95.83% |           3      2.50%     98.33% |           2      1.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          120                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      6.67%      6.67% |           2      4.44%     11.11% |           2      4.44%     15.56% |           0      0.00%     15.56% |           2      4.44%     20.00% |           5     11.11%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           3      6.67%     37.78% |           2      4.44%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           2      4.44%     48.89% |           1      2.22%     51.11% |           1      2.22%     53.33% |           2      4.44%     57.78% |           1      2.22%     60.00% |           1      2.22%     62.22% |           0      0.00%     62.22% |           1      2.22%     64.44% |           2      4.44%     68.89% |           2      4.44%     73.33% |           4      8.89%     82.22% |           1      2.22%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           1      2.22%     88.89% |           1      2.22%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           3      6.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           5     83.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           4      2.02%      2.02% |           2      1.01%      3.03% |           6      3.03%      6.06% |           5      2.53%      8.59% |           7      3.54%     12.12% |           4      2.02%     14.14% |           5      2.53%     16.67% |           7      3.54%     20.20% |           8      4.04%     24.24% |           5      2.53%     26.77% |           5      2.53%     29.29% |           3      1.52%     30.81% |           6      3.03%     33.84% |           4      2.02%     35.86% |           5      2.53%     38.38% |           5      2.53%     40.91% |           5      2.53%     43.43% |           6      3.03%     46.46% |           5      2.53%     48.99% |           9      4.55%     53.54% |           9      4.55%     58.08% |          10      5.05%     63.13% |           8      4.04%     67.17% |          10      5.05%     72.22% |           7      3.54%     75.76% |           7      3.54%     79.29% |           7      3.54%     82.83% |           8      4.04%     86.87% |           8      4.04%     90.91% |           6      3.03%     93.94% |          10      5.05%     98.99% |           2      1.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          198                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          29      5.08%      5.08% |          19      3.33%      8.41% |          17      2.98%     11.38% |          16      2.80%     14.19% |          16      2.80%     16.99% |          23      4.03%     21.02% |          21      3.68%     24.69% |          16      2.80%     27.50% |          18      3.15%     30.65% |          16      2.80%     33.45% |          19      3.33%     36.78% |          18      3.15%     39.93% |          17      2.98%     42.91% |          20      3.50%     46.41% |          19      3.33%     49.74% |          18      3.15%     52.89% |          17      2.98%     55.87% |          17      2.98%     58.84% |          17      2.98%     61.82% |          19      3.33%     65.15% |          19      3.33%     68.48% |          25      4.38%     72.85% |          17      2.98%     75.83% |          15      2.63%     78.46% |          13      2.28%     80.74% |          14      2.45%     83.19% |          14      2.45%     85.64% |          16      2.80%     88.44% |          12      2.10%     90.54% |          17      2.98%     93.52% |          15      2.63%     96.15% |          22      3.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total          571                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         400      3.15%      3.15% |         398      3.13%      6.28% |         343      2.70%      8.98% |         407      3.20%     12.18% |         405      3.19%     15.37% |         406      3.19%     18.56% |         404      3.18%     21.74% |         403      3.17%     24.91% |         410      3.23%     28.14% |         404      3.18%     31.31% |         306      2.41%     33.72% |         406      3.19%     36.92% |         405      3.19%     40.10% |         405      3.19%     43.29% |         405      3.19%     46.48% |         406      3.19%     49.67% |         405      3.19%     52.86% |         407      3.20%     56.06% |         405      3.19%     59.24% |         398      3.13%     62.38% |         399      3.14%     65.52% |         398      3.13%     68.65% |         399      3.14%     71.79% |         403      3.17%     74.96% |         397      3.12%     78.08% |         403      3.17%     81.25% |         395      3.11%     84.36% |         399      3.14%     87.50% |         398      3.13%     90.63% |         397      3.12%     93.75% |         397      3.12%     96.88% |         397      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        12710                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         467      3.27%      3.27% |         433      3.03%      6.29% |         424      2.96%      9.26% |         430      3.01%     12.26% |         442      3.09%     15.35% |         440      3.08%     18.43% |         438      3.06%     21.49% |         442      3.09%     24.58% |         446      3.12%     27.70% |         454      3.17%     30.87% |         449      3.14%     34.01% |         455      3.18%     37.19% |         472      3.30%     40.50% |         473      3.31%     43.80% |         476      3.33%     47.13% |         464      3.24%     50.37% |         467      3.27%     53.64% |         454      3.17%     56.81% |         449      3.14%     59.95% |         425      2.97%     62.92% |         418      2.92%     65.85% |         439      3.07%     68.92% |         431      3.01%     71.93% |         430      3.01%     74.94% |         460      3.22%     78.15% |         463      3.24%     81.39% |         472      3.30%     84.69% |         440      3.08%     87.76% |         438      3.06%     90.83% |         436      3.05%     93.88% |         448      3.13%     97.01% |         428      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        14303                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     32.16%     32.16% |           1      0.50%     32.66% |           0      0.00%     32.66% |           0      0.00%     32.66% |           2      1.01%     33.67% |           3      1.51%     35.18% |           1      0.50%     35.68% |           2      1.01%     36.68% |         110     55.28%     91.96% |           1      0.50%     92.46% |           2      1.01%     93.47% |           2      1.01%     94.47% |           2      1.01%     95.48% |           2      1.01%     96.48% |           2      1.01%     97.49% |           1      0.50%     97.99% |           1      0.50%     98.49% |           1      0.50%     98.99% |           1      0.50%     99.50% |           0      0.00%     99.50% |           0      0.00%     99.50% |           0      0.00%     99.50% |           0      0.00%     99.50% |           0      0.00%     99.50% |           0      0.00%     99.50% |           0      0.00%     99.50% |           0      0.00%     99.50% |           1      0.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          199                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      1.54%      1.54% |           2      3.08%      4.62% |          11     16.92%     21.54% |           1      1.54%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           3      4.62%     27.69% |           3      4.62%     32.31% |           3      4.62%     36.92% |           1      1.54%     38.46% |           3      4.62%     43.08% |          18     27.69%     70.77% |           1      1.54%     72.31% |           2      3.08%     75.38% |           2      3.08%     78.46% |           3      4.62%     83.08% |           2      3.08%     86.15% |           2      3.08%     89.23% |           1      1.54%     90.77% |           1      1.54%     92.31% |           1      1.54%     93.85% |           1      1.54%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           1      1.54%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |          60      3.18%      3.18% |          47      2.49%      5.66% |          58      3.07%      8.73% |          62      3.28%     12.02% |          58      3.07%     15.09% |          48      2.54%     17.63% |          59      3.12%     20.75% |          61      3.23%     23.98% |          59      3.12%     27.10% |          69      3.65%     30.76% |          49      2.59%     33.35% |          56      2.96%     36.32% |          67      3.55%     39.86% |          59      3.12%     42.99% |          49      2.59%     45.58% |          63      3.34%     48.91% |          58      3.07%     51.99% |          65      3.44%     55.43% |          70      3.71%     59.13% |          59      3.12%     62.26% |          48      2.54%     64.80% |          76      4.02%     68.82% |          55      2.91%     71.73% |          62      3.28%     75.01% |          67      3.55%     78.56% |          59      3.12%     81.68% |          70      3.71%     85.39% |          69      3.65%     89.04% |          42      2.22%     91.27% |          48      2.54%     93.81% |          57      3.02%     96.82% |          60      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total         1889                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5230      4.15%      4.15% |        3969      3.15%      7.31% |        4009      3.18%     10.49% |        3917      3.11%     13.60% |        3913      3.11%     16.71% |        3917      3.11%     19.82% |        3911      3.11%     22.93% |        3899      3.10%     26.03% |        3911      3.11%     29.13% |        3929      3.12%     32.25% |        3964      3.15%     35.40% |        3872      3.08%     38.48% |        3882      3.08%     41.56% |        3912      3.11%     44.67% |        3918      3.11%     47.78% |        3866      3.07%     50.85% |        3905      3.10%     53.96% |        3869      3.07%     57.03% |        3868      3.07%     60.10% |        3887      3.09%     63.19% |        3899      3.10%     66.29% |        3879      3.08%     69.37% |        3896      3.09%     72.46% |        3837      3.05%     75.51% |        3861      3.07%     78.58% |        3886      3.09%     81.66% |        3838      3.05%     84.71% |        3832      3.04%     87.76% |        3877      3.08%     90.84% |        3846      3.06%     93.89% |        3827      3.04%     96.93% |        3864      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       125890                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.69%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           2     15.38%     23.08% |           1      7.69%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           1      7.69%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           2     15.38%     53.85% |           2     15.38%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           2     15.38%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           2     15.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         470      3.26%      3.26% |         421      2.92%      6.18% |         437      3.03%      9.21% |         435      3.02%     12.22% |         441      3.06%     15.28% |         430      2.98%     18.26% |         439      3.04%     21.31% |         446      3.09%     24.40% |         448      3.11%     27.50% |         470      3.26%     30.76% |         455      3.15%     33.92% |         454      3.15%     37.07% |         483      3.35%     40.41% |         476      3.30%     43.71% |         469      3.25%     46.97% |         472      3.27%     50.24% |         472      3.27%     53.51% |         465      3.22%     56.74% |         461      3.20%     59.93% |         431      2.99%     62.92% |         411      2.85%     65.77% |         463      3.21%     68.98% |         428      2.97%     71.95% |         434      3.01%     74.96% |         466      3.23%     78.19% |         465      3.22%     81.41% |         484      3.36%     84.77% |         455      3.15%     87.92% |         430      2.98%     90.90% |         429      2.97%     93.88% |         451      3.13%     97.00% |         432      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        14423                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        5274      3.18%      3.18% |        5172      3.12%      6.30% |        5174      3.12%      9.42% |        5176      3.12%     12.55% |        5159      3.11%     15.66% |        5173      3.12%     18.78% |        5162      3.11%     21.89% |        5158      3.11%     25.01% |        5180      3.13%     28.13% |        5182      3.13%     31.26% |        5168      3.12%     34.38% |        5197      3.14%     37.51% |        5188      3.13%     40.64% |        5186      3.13%     43.77% |        5176      3.12%     46.89% |        5165      3.12%     50.01% |        5179      3.12%     53.13% |        5181      3.13%     56.26% |        5183      3.13%     59.39% |        5182      3.13%     62.51% |        5181      3.13%     65.64% |        5200      3.14%     68.78% |        5174      3.12%     71.90% |        5169      3.12%     75.02% |        5175      3.12%     78.14% |        5180      3.13%     81.27% |        5183      3.13%     84.39% |        5176      3.12%     87.52% |        5173      3.12%     90.64% |        5175      3.12%     93.76% |        5183      3.13%     96.89% |        5162      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       165746                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS |          54      2.56%      2.56% |          63      2.98%      5.54% |          67      3.17%      8.71% |          55      2.60%     11.32% |          56      2.65%     13.97% |          62      2.94%     16.90% |          61      2.89%     19.79% |          65      3.08%     22.87% |          62      2.94%     25.80% |          58      2.75%     28.55% |          79      3.74%     32.29% |          76      3.60%     35.89% |          64      3.03%     38.92% |          50      2.37%     41.29% |          73      3.46%     44.74% |          61      2.89%     47.63% |          61      2.89%     50.52% |          75      3.55%     54.07% |          66      3.12%     57.20% |          95      4.50%     61.70% |          74      3.50%     65.20% |          64      3.03%     68.23% |          54      2.56%     70.79% |          76      3.60%     74.38% |          68      3.22%     77.60% |          78      3.69%     81.30% |          73      3.46%     84.75% |          62      2.94%     87.69% |          76      3.60%     91.29% |          66      3.12%     94.41% |          65      3.08%     97.49% |          53      2.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS::total         2112                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX |          68      1.96%      1.96% |          92      2.65%      4.62% |          80      2.31%      6.92% |          90      2.60%      9.52% |          71      2.05%     11.57% |         100      2.89%     14.45% |         102      2.94%     17.40% |         110      3.17%     20.57% |          78      2.25%     22.82% |          87      2.51%     25.33% |          91      2.63%     27.96% |         133      3.84%     31.79% |         127      3.66%     35.46% |         123      3.55%     39.01% |         112      3.23%     42.24% |         117      3.38%     45.61% |         108      3.12%     48.73% |         116      3.35%     52.08% |         144      4.15%     56.23% |         130      3.75%     59.98% |         135      3.89%     63.88% |          96      2.77%     66.65% |          98      2.83%     69.47% |         130      3.75%     73.23% |         140      4.04%     77.26% |         133      3.84%     81.10% |         112      3.23%     84.33% |         154      4.44%     88.78% |          87      2.51%     91.29% |         124      3.58%     94.86% |          68      1.96%     96.83% |         110      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX::total         3466                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE |         131      2.62%      2.62% |         132      2.64%      5.26% |         130      2.60%      7.86% |         155      3.10%     10.96% |         117      2.34%     13.31% |         132      2.64%     15.95% |         141      2.82%     18.77% |         149      2.98%     21.75% |         146      2.92%     24.67% |         120      2.40%     27.07% |         133      2.66%     29.73% |         153      3.06%     32.79% |         159      3.18%     35.97% |         159      3.18%     39.16% |         171      3.42%     42.58% |         155      3.10%     45.68% |         160      3.20%     48.88% |         137      2.74%     51.62% |         173      3.46%     55.08% |         191      3.82%     58.90% |         160      3.20%     62.10% |         167      3.34%     65.45% |         166      3.32%     68.77% |         190      3.80%     72.57% |         180      3.60%     76.17% |         196      3.92%     80.09% |         240      4.80%     84.89% |         243      4.86%     89.76% |         122      2.44%     92.20% |         123      2.46%     94.66% |         140      2.80%     97.46% |         127      2.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE::total         4998                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |        7414      3.18%      3.18% |        7198      3.09%      6.27% |        7302      3.13%      9.40% |        7263      3.12%     12.52% |        7418      3.18%     15.70% |        7220      3.10%     18.80% |        7245      3.11%     21.90% |        7254      3.11%     25.01% |        7440      3.19%     28.21% |        7278      3.12%     31.33% |        7264      3.12%     34.44% |        7268      3.12%     37.56% |        7419      3.18%     40.74% |        7247      3.11%     43.85% |        7247      3.11%     46.96% |        7222      3.10%     50.06% |        7425      3.19%     53.25% |        7292      3.13%     56.37% |        7230      3.10%     59.47% |        7187      3.08%     62.56% |        7415      3.18%     65.74% |        7224      3.10%     68.84% |        7262      3.12%     71.95% |        7238      3.10%     75.06% |        7297      3.13%     78.19% |        7229      3.10%     81.29% |        7252      3.11%     84.40% |        7207      3.09%     87.49% |        7387      3.17%     90.66% |        7241      3.11%     93.77% |        7274      3.12%     96.89% |        7259      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       233118                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |         155      2.83%      2.83% |         147      2.69%      5.52% |         140      2.56%      8.08% |         166      3.03%     11.11% |         149      2.72%     13.83% |         154      2.81%     16.65% |         160      2.92%     19.57% |         171      3.12%     22.70% |         158      2.89%     25.58% |         137      2.50%     28.09% |         153      2.80%     30.88% |         181      3.31%     34.19% |         184      3.36%     37.55% |         167      3.05%     40.61% |         161      2.94%     43.55% |         184      3.36%     46.91% |         163      2.98%     49.89% |         153      2.80%     52.69% |         162      2.96%     55.65% |         188      3.44%     59.08% |         190      3.47%     62.55% |         181      3.31%     65.86% |         180      3.29%     69.15% |         200      3.65%     72.81% |         223      4.08%     76.88% |         191      3.49%     80.37% |         194      3.55%     83.92% |         204      3.73%     87.65% |         167      3.05%     90.70% |         183      3.34%     94.04% |         136      2.49%     96.53% |         190      3.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         5472                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |          95      2.35%      2.35% |         108      2.68%      5.03% |          79      1.96%      6.99% |         112      2.77%      9.76% |          99      2.45%     12.21% |         121      3.00%     15.21% |         106      2.63%     17.84% |         114      2.82%     20.66% |         122      3.02%     23.68% |          95      2.35%     26.03% |         107      2.65%     28.68% |         128      3.17%     31.86% |         134      3.32%     35.17% |         136      3.37%     38.54% |         127      3.15%     41.69% |         116      2.87%     44.56% |         121      3.00%     47.56% |         131      3.24%     50.81% |         135      3.34%     54.15% |         190      4.71%     58.86% |         129      3.20%     62.05% |         124      3.07%     65.12% |         141      3.49%     68.62% |         157      3.89%     72.50% |         161      3.99%     76.49% |         159      3.94%     80.43% |         181      4.48%     84.91% |         178      4.41%     89.32% |         100      2.48%     91.80% |         107      2.65%     94.45% |          93      2.30%     96.76% |         131      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total         4037                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       51620      6.88%      6.88% |       23517      3.13%     10.01% |       22142      2.95%     12.96% |       23063      3.07%     16.03% |       22451      2.99%     19.02% |       21956      2.92%     21.95% |       21545      2.87%     24.82% |       21604      2.88%     27.69% |       21943      2.92%     30.62% |       22308      2.97%     33.59% |       24076      3.21%     36.80% |       24402      3.25%     40.05% |       22667      3.02%     43.07% |       22099      2.94%     46.01% |       21288      2.84%     48.84% |       21688      2.89%     51.73% |       22843      3.04%     54.78% |       22094      2.94%     57.72% |       22437      2.99%     60.71% |       22562      3.01%     63.71% |       22402      2.98%     66.70% |       24636      3.28%     69.98% |       22054      2.94%     72.92% |       21758      2.90%     75.82% |       22447      2.99%     78.81% |       22657      3.02%     81.82% |       22115      2.95%     84.77% |       22071      2.94%     87.71% |       22213      2.96%     90.67% |       21861      2.91%     93.58% |       22916      3.05%     96.63% |       25274      3.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       750709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |          82      2.46%      2.46% |          69      2.07%      4.53% |          90      2.70%      7.23% |          81      2.43%      9.66% |          82      2.46%     12.11% |          89      2.67%     14.78% |          94      2.82%     17.60% |          80      2.40%     20.00% |          96      2.88%     22.88% |          84      2.52%     25.40% |          78      2.34%     27.74% |         119      3.57%     31.30% |         100      3.00%     34.30% |         113      3.39%     37.69% |         109      3.27%     40.96% |         100      3.00%     43.96% |          96      2.88%     46.84% |         111      3.33%     50.16% |         118      3.54%     53.70% |         138      4.14%     57.84% |         123      3.69%     61.53% |          96      2.88%     64.41% |         117      3.51%     67.92% |         132      3.96%     71.87% |         129      3.87%     75.74% |         123      3.69%     79.43% |         137      4.11%     83.54% |         161      4.83%     88.37% |          90      2.70%     91.06% |         108      3.24%     94.30% |          77      2.31%     96.61% |         113      3.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total         3335                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX |          45      2.45%      2.45% |          42      2.29%      4.74% |          50      2.73%      7.47% |          50      2.73%     10.20% |          44      2.40%     12.60% |          50      2.73%     15.32% |          38      2.07%     17.39% |          54      2.94%     20.34% |          50      2.73%     23.06% |          52      2.84%     25.90% |          57      3.11%     29.01% |          70      3.82%     32.82% |          61      3.33%     36.15% |          62      3.38%     39.53% |          67      3.65%     43.18% |          64      3.49%     46.67% |          51      2.78%     49.45% |          59      3.22%     52.67% |          68      3.71%     56.38% |          73      3.98%     60.36% |          58      3.16%     63.52% |          50      2.73%     66.25% |          67      3.65%     69.90% |          77      4.20%     74.10% |          65      3.54%     77.64% |          67      3.65%     81.30% |          71      3.87%     85.17% |          78      4.25%     89.42% |          41      2.24%     91.66% |          49      2.67%     94.33% |          51      2.78%     97.11% |          53      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX::total         1834                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE |          15      2.78%      2.78% |           9      1.67%      4.45% |          18      3.34%      7.79% |          12      2.23%     10.02% |          14      2.60%     12.62% |          21      3.90%     16.51% |          22      4.08%     20.59% |          19      3.53%     24.12% |          18      3.34%     27.46% |          19      3.53%     30.98% |          12      2.23%     33.21% |          15      2.78%     35.99% |          24      4.45%     40.45% |          18      3.34%     43.78% |          14      2.60%     46.38% |          16      2.97%     49.35% |          24      4.45%     53.80% |          16      2.97%     56.77% |          12      2.23%     59.00% |          16      2.97%     61.97% |          16      2.97%     64.94% |          21      3.90%     68.83% |          11      2.04%     70.87% |          24      4.45%     75.32% |          21      3.90%     79.22% |          21      3.90%     83.12% |          18      3.34%     86.46% |          14      2.60%     89.05% |          11      2.04%     91.09% |          20      3.71%     94.81% |          18      3.34%     98.14% |          10      1.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE::total          539                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |        6707      3.25%      3.25% |        6463      3.13%      6.38% |        6498      3.15%      9.53% |        6423      3.11%     12.64% |        6646      3.22%     15.86% |        6363      3.08%     18.94% |        6392      3.10%     22.04% |        6419      3.11%     25.15% |        6514      3.16%     28.31% |        6433      3.12%     31.42% |        6442      3.12%     34.54% |        6390      3.10%     37.64% |        6611      3.20%     40.84% |        6374      3.09%     43.93% |        6444      3.12%     47.05% |        6483      3.14%     50.19% |        6582      3.19%     53.38% |        6469      3.13%     56.51% |        6347      3.07%     59.59% |        6300      3.05%     62.64% |        6488      3.14%     65.79% |        6405      3.10%     68.89% |        6469      3.13%     72.02% |        6442      3.12%     75.14% |        6395      3.10%     78.24% |        6434      3.12%     81.36% |        6394      3.10%     84.46% |        6333      3.07%     87.52% |        6580      3.19%     90.71% |        6357      3.08%     93.79% |        6483      3.14%     96.93% |        6331      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total       206411                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         660      3.20%      3.20% |         663      3.21%      6.42% |         646      3.13%      9.55% |         643      3.12%     12.67% |         663      3.21%     15.88% |         651      3.16%     19.04% |         642      3.11%     22.15% |         637      3.09%     25.24% |         659      3.20%     28.43% |         640      3.10%     31.54% |         654      3.17%     34.71% |         636      3.08%     37.79% |         635      3.08%     40.87% |         648      3.14%     44.01% |         656      3.18%     47.19% |         641      3.11%     50.30% |         641      3.11%     53.41% |         629      3.05%     56.46% |         625      3.03%     59.49% |         636      3.08%     62.58% |         648      3.14%     65.72% |         628      3.05%     68.76% |         659      3.20%     71.96% |         644      3.12%     75.08% |         637      3.09%     78.17% |         637      3.09%     81.26% |         632      3.06%     84.32% |         630      3.05%     87.38% |         671      3.25%     90.63% |         640      3.10%     93.74% |         647      3.14%     96.87% |         645      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        20623                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          43      0.71%      0.71% |          80      1.32%      2.03% |         155      2.56%      4.59% |         192      3.17%      7.77% |         110      1.82%      9.59% |         215      3.55%     13.14% |         213      3.52%     16.66% |         199      3.29%     19.95% |         268      4.43%     24.38% |         195      3.22%     27.60% |         181      2.99%     30.59% |         246      4.07%     34.66% |         164      2.71%     37.37% |         227      3.75%     41.12% |         156      2.58%     43.70% |          96      1.59%     45.28% |         204      3.37%     48.65% |         188      3.11%     51.76% |         237      3.92%     55.68% |         248      4.10%     59.78% |         289      4.78%     64.55% |         173      2.86%     67.41% |         137      2.26%     69.67% |         148      2.45%     72.12% |         255      4.21%     76.33% |         157      2.59%     78.93% |         213      3.52%     82.45% |         233      3.85%     86.30% |         149      2.46%     88.76% |         254      4.20%     92.96% |         145      2.40%     95.36% |         281      4.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         6051                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.85%      3.85% |           0      0.00%      3.85% |           1      3.85%      7.69% |           1      3.85%     11.54% |           2      7.69%     19.23% |           0      0.00%     19.23% |           1      3.85%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           1      3.85%     26.92% |           0      0.00%     26.92% |           0      0.00%     26.92% |           0      0.00%     26.92% |           0      0.00%     26.92% |           0      0.00%     26.92% |           1      3.85%     30.77% |           3     11.54%     42.31% |           3     11.54%     53.85% |           3     11.54%     65.38% |           6     23.08%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           2      7.69%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |          42      0.74%      0.74% |          76      1.35%      2.09% |         150      2.66%      4.75% |         180      3.19%      7.93% |         103      1.82%      9.76% |         194      3.44%     13.19% |         205      3.63%     16.82% |         182      3.22%     20.05% |         257      4.55%     24.60% |         185      3.28%     27.87% |         168      2.98%     30.85% |         227      4.02%     34.87% |         152      2.69%     37.56% |         207      3.67%     41.23% |         144      2.55%     43.78% |          90      1.59%     45.37% |         188      3.33%     48.70% |         169      2.99%     51.69% |         218      3.86%     55.55% |         227      4.02%     59.57% |         271      4.80%     64.37% |         164      2.90%     67.27% |         127      2.25%     69.52% |         140      2.48%     72.00% |         247      4.37%     76.38% |         144      2.55%     78.93% |         201      3.56%     82.49% |         221      3.91%     86.40% |         138      2.44%     88.84% |         233      4.13%     92.97% |         136      2.41%     95.38% |         261      4.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total         5647                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           1      0.25%      0.25% |           4      0.99%      1.24% |           5      1.24%      2.48% |          12      2.97%      5.45% |           7      1.73%      7.18% |          21      5.20%     12.38% |           8      1.98%     14.36% |          17      4.21%     18.56% |          11      2.72%     21.29% |          10      2.48%     23.76% |          13      3.22%     26.98% |          19      4.70%     31.68% |          12      2.97%     34.65% |          20      4.95%     39.60% |          12      2.97%     42.57% |           6      1.49%     44.06% |          16      3.96%     48.02% |          19      4.70%     52.72% |          19      4.70%     57.43% |          21      5.20%     62.62% |          18      4.46%     67.08% |           9      2.23%     69.31% |          10      2.48%     71.78% |           8      1.98%     73.76% |           8      1.98%     75.74% |          13      3.22%     78.96% |          12      2.97%     81.93% |          12      2.97%     84.90% |          11      2.72%     87.62% |          21      5.20%     92.82% |           9      2.23%     95.05% |          20      4.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          404                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |          30      2.95%      2.95% |          38      3.73%      6.68% |          34      3.34%     10.02% |          38      3.73%     13.75% |          40      3.93%     17.68% |          35      3.44%     21.12% |          25      2.46%     23.58% |          32      3.14%     26.72% |          22      2.16%     28.88% |          45      4.42%     33.30% |          37      3.63%     36.94% |          29      2.85%     39.78% |          31      3.05%     42.83% |          38      3.73%     46.56% |          33      3.24%     49.80% |          28      2.75%     52.55% |          32      3.14%     55.70% |          28      2.75%     58.45% |          35      3.44%     61.89% |          32      3.14%     65.03% |          32      3.14%     68.17% |          23      2.26%     70.43% |          35      3.44%     73.87% |          31      3.05%     76.92% |          21      2.06%     78.98% |          34      3.34%     82.32% |          30      2.95%     85.27% |          36      3.54%     88.80% |          27      2.65%     91.45% |          33      3.24%     94.70% |          22      2.16%     96.86% |          32      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total         1018                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX |           9      1.63%      1.63% |          28      5.08%      6.72% |          15      2.72%      9.44% |          16      2.90%     12.34% |          13      2.36%     14.70% |          24      4.36%     19.06% |          11      2.00%     21.05% |          15      2.72%     23.77% |          15      2.72%     26.50% |          21      3.81%     30.31% |          17      3.09%     33.39% |          16      2.90%     36.30% |          12      2.18%     38.48% |          16      2.90%     41.38% |          23      4.17%     45.55% |          18      3.27%     48.82% |          20      3.63%     52.45% |          19      3.45%     55.90% |          20      3.63%     59.53% |          18      3.27%     62.79% |          24      4.36%     67.15% |          20      3.63%     70.78% |          12      2.18%     72.96% |          22      3.99%     76.95% |          14      2.54%     79.49% |          14      2.54%     82.03% |          21      3.81%     85.84% |          18      3.27%     89.11% |          13      2.36%     91.47% |          13      2.36%     93.83% |          19      3.45%     97.28% |          15      2.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX::total          551                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE |           6      1.91%      1.91% |           9      2.87%      4.78% |          10      3.18%      7.96% |          10      3.18%     11.15% |          15      4.78%     15.92% |          10      3.18%     19.11% |           8      2.55%     21.66% |           9      2.87%     24.52% |          11      3.50%     28.03% |           9      2.87%     30.89% |          10      3.18%     34.08% |           7      2.23%     36.31% |          15      4.78%     41.08% |           5      1.59%     42.68% |          14      4.46%     47.13% |          10      3.18%     50.32% |          14      4.46%     54.78% |           7      2.23%     57.01% |           8      2.55%     59.55% |           8      2.55%     62.10% |          10      3.18%     65.29% |           6      1.91%     67.20% |          10      3.18%     70.38% |          15      4.78%     75.16% |           8      2.55%     77.71% |           8      2.55%     80.25% |          13      4.14%     84.39% |           8      2.55%     86.94% |           7      2.23%     89.17% |           9      2.87%     92.04% |          14      4.46%     96.50% |          11      3.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE::total          314                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        7367      3.24%      3.24% |        7126      3.14%      6.38% |        7144      3.15%      9.53% |        7066      3.11%     12.64% |        7309      3.22%     15.86% |        7014      3.09%     18.95% |        7034      3.10%     22.05% |        7056      3.11%     25.16% |        7173      3.16%     28.32% |        7073      3.12%     31.43% |        7096      3.13%     34.56% |        7026      3.09%     37.65% |        7246      3.19%     40.84% |        7022      3.09%     43.94% |        7100      3.13%     47.06% |        7124      3.14%     50.20% |        7223      3.18%     53.38% |        7098      3.13%     56.51% |        6972      3.07%     59.58% |        6936      3.06%     62.64% |        7136      3.14%     65.78% |        7033      3.10%     68.88% |        7128      3.14%     72.02% |        7086      3.12%     75.14% |        7032      3.10%     78.23% |        7071      3.11%     81.35% |        7026      3.09%     84.44% |        6963      3.07%     87.51% |        7251      3.19%     90.70% |        6997      3.08%     93.79% |        7130      3.14%     96.93% |        6976      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total       227034                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      318949     18.08%     18.08% |      882062     50.00%     68.08% |       69851      3.96%     72.04% |       75711      4.29%     76.33% |       70308      3.99%     80.32% |       75614      4.29%     84.60% |       70661      4.01%     88.61% |       75091      4.26%     92.86% |       60589      3.43%     96.30% |       65288      3.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1764124                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      318949     18.08%     18.08% |      882062     50.00%     68.08% |       69851      3.96%     72.04% |       75711      4.29%     76.33% |       70308      3.99%     80.32% |       75614      4.29%     84.60% |       70661      4.01%     88.61% |       75091      4.26%     92.86% |       60589      3.43%     96.30% |       65288      3.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1764124                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      318949     18.08%     18.08% |      882062     50.00%     68.08% |       69851      3.96%     72.04% |       75711      4.29%     76.33% |       70308      3.99%     80.32% |       75614      4.29%     84.60% |       70661      4.01%     88.61% |       75091      4.26%     92.86% |       60589      3.43%     96.30% |       65288      3.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1764124                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      318949     18.08%     18.08% |      882062     50.00%     68.08% |       69851      3.96%     72.04% |       75711      4.29%     76.33% |       70308      3.99%     80.32% |       75614      4.29%     84.60% |       70661      4.01%     88.61% |       75091      4.26%     92.86% |       60589      3.43%     96.30% |       65288      3.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1764124                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
