
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.056743                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 56742507000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5232910585500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  14216                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    25212                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               35655822                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3556064                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1591.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    22623048                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      40121983                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12636928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          12636928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8046720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        8046720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       197452                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             197452                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       125730                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            125730                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    222706550                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            222706550                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    141811147                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           141811147                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    364517697                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           364517697                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     197453                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    125730                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   197453                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  125730                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              12635648                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                8046464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               12636992                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             8046720                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            12091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            12221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            12066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            12415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            12209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            12288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            12502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            12673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            12446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            12786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           12434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           12719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           12286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           12061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           12321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           11914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             7793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             7658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             7795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             7841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             7806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             7905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             8003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             8027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             7920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             8083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            7898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            7919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            7765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            7817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            7866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            7630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    70680                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     6958                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  56742254500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               197453                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              125730                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  68903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   2894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   1783                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1223                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   1377                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1552                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1615                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1703                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   1752                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  1701                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  1703                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  1761                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  1749                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1744                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1691                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1787                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1824                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1782                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1792                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1748                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1774                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  1890                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  1914                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  1981                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  1927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  2125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  2236                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  2457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 73906                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  16831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  18347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  19190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  19527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  19913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   8074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   9420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  14428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        82733                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   249.976188                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   178.227852                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   219.969071                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        24929     30.13%     30.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        21020     25.41%     55.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21775     26.32%     81.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5208      6.29%     88.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3617      4.37%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1942      2.35%     94.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1104      1.33%     96.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          838      1.01%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2300      2.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        82733                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17565                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.239283                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    32.155551                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17557     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        17565                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17565                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.157757                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.493176                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.605266                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12595     71.71%     71.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2080     11.84%     83.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1742      9.92%     93.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1148      6.54%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        17565                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 32554813560                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            36256663560                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 987160000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   164891.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              183641.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      222.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      141.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   222.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   141.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.60                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  155368                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  85046                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                78.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               67.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    175573.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   74.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11627671500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1894620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    43216515000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              315441000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              309967560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              172115625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              169129125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             767964600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             771841200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            407093040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            407579040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3705876720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3705876720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        22314179880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        21795120495                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        14469356250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        14924671500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          42152027115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          42084185640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          742.915401                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          741.719717                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12410304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          12410304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7829056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        7829056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       193911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             193911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       122329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            122329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    218712649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            218712649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    137975152                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           137975152                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    356687800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           356687800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     193911                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    122329                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   193911                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  122329                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              12408512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                7828928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               12410304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             7829056                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    28                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            11880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            12002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            11838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            12177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            12007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            12103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            12319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            12457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            12213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            12558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           12200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           12526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           12053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           11832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           12005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           11713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             7590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             7467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             7592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             7630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             7609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             7707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             7778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             7806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             7709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             7868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            7679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            7708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            7554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            7603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            7598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            7429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    62094                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     6322                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  56741717500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               193911                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              122329                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  67670                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1303                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1512                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1627                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1768                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   1732                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   1892                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   1960                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  1985                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  1946                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  2050                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  1934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  1978                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  2101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  2009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  2042                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  2075                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  2134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  2115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  2084                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  2158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  2176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  2173                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  2194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  2316                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  2325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  2500                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  2574                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  2843                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 65711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  16363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  17971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  18729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  19128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  19543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   8170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   9309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  13116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        75607                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   267.655217                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   195.010812                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   223.825069                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18745     24.79%     24.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        19814     26.21%     51.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21895     28.96%     79.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5284      6.99%     86.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3692      4.88%     91.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1841      2.43%     94.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1168      1.54%     95.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          808      1.07%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2360      3.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        75607                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17078                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.352208                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.532849                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17072     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        17078                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17078                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.162841                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.500685                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.590473                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12092     70.80%     70.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2207     12.92%     83.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1705      9.98%     93.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1074      6.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        17078                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 31029364130                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            34664670380                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 969415000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   160041.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              178791.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      218.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      137.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   218.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   137.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.58                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  154173                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  86422                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                79.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               70.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    179426.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   76.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11893129500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1894620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    42951033000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              289487520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              282078720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              157954500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              153912000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             754868400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             757286400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            396414000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            396232560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3705876720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3705876720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        22092156900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        21535596360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        14664113250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        15152324250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          42060871290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          41983307010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          741.308810                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          739.941765                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12410304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          12410304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      7829504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        7829504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       193911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             193911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       122336                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            122336                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    218712649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            218712649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    137983047                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           137983047                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    356695696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           356695696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     193911                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    122336                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   193911                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  122336                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              12409088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                7829248                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               12410304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             7829504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            11876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            12030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            11862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            12220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            12011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            12084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            12287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            12455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            12202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            12540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           12209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           12567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           12052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           11795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           11989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           11713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             7583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             7465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             7594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             7640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             7606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             7691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             7772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             7815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             7712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             7869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            7679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            7719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            7562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            7593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            7601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            7431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    62635                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     6533                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  56742434500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               193911                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              122336                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  67801                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1483                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1493                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1563                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1697                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   1771                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   1912                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   1880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  1911                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  1873                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  1988                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  1938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  2058                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  1971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  1984                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  1978                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  2057                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  2050                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  2082                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  1988                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  2108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  2098                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  2122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  2184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  2221                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  2457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  2498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  2635                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  2920                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 66400                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  16305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  17921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  18653                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  19133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  19460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   8082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   9263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  13519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        75554                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   267.860762                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   195.539380                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   223.346649                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18521     24.51%     24.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        19894     26.33%     50.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        22044     29.18%     80.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5239      6.93%     86.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3742      4.95%     91.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1813      2.40%     94.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1135      1.50%     95.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          785      1.04%     96.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2381      3.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        75554                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17059                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.365144                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.597681                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17054     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        17059                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17059                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.171112                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.505433                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.600748                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12077     70.80%     70.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2223     13.03%     83.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1649      9.67%     93.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1110      6.51%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        17059                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 31150711751                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            34786186751                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 969460000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   160660.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              179410.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      218.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      137.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   218.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   137.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.58                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  154139                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  86525                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                79.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               70.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    179424.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   76.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11875676250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1894620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    42968381250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              288587880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              282547440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              157463625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              154167750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             755188200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             757021200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            396316800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            396355680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3705876720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3705876720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        21842559315                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        21342885345                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        14883058500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        15321369000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          42029051040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          41960223135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          740.747988                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          739.534920                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12389376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          12389376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      7827392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        7827392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       193584                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             193584                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       122303                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            122303                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    218343825                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            218343825                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    137945826                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           137945826                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    356289651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           356289651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     193584                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    122303                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   193584                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  122303                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              12388480                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                7827264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               12389376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             7827392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            11866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            11985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            11805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            12177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            11959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            12059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            12266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            12449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            12204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            12533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           12233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           12496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           12042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           11791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           12001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           11704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             7589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             7453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             7590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             7628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             7601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             7692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             7773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             7808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             7711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             7870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            7683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            7727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            7557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            7600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            7596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            7423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    57148                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     6463                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  56741447000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               193584                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              122303                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  67430                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1369                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1528                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1629                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1714                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   1873                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   1956                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   2014                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  1993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  2084                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  2153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  2233                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  2251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  2156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  2215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  2280                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  2219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  2310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  2380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  2337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  2329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  2407                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  2468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  2463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  2455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  2595                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  2587                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  2799                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  3044                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 60874                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  16344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  17958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  18750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  19121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  19478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   8066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   9230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  13356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        75116                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   269.117631                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   197.311868                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   222.949989                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17894     23.82%     23.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20170     26.85%     50.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        22104     29.43%     80.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5195      6.92%     87.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3654      4.86%     91.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1760      2.34%     94.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1207      1.61%     95.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          751      1.00%     96.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2381      3.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        75116                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17081                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.331889                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.286108                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17075     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        17081                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17081                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.160061                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.494760                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.606366                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12149     71.13%     71.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2163     12.66%     83.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1652      9.67%     93.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1117      6.54%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        17081                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 30494633365                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            34124070865                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 967850000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   157538.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              176288.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      218.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      137.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   218.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   137.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.57                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  153861                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  86888                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                79.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               71.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    179625.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   76.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11622918250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1894620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    43221511250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              287151480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              280710360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              156679875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              153165375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             753183600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             756545400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            396122400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            396355680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3705876720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3705876720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        21825390915                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        21108188700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        14898118500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        15527243250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          42022523490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          41928085485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          740.632943                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          738.968504                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          783                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4013                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4861                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              441088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              109088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          380                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1556480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          380                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7052694                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 55.898975                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                30.329938                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev               116.956185                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     6710894     95.15%     95.15% |      183975      2.61%     97.76% |      113517      1.61%     99.37% |       42250      0.60%     99.97% |        2057      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7052694                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     15848199                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.592679                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.696154                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      4.784418                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    14414976     90.96%     90.96% |      912999      5.76%     96.72% |       20766      0.13%     96.85% |       19919      0.13%     96.97% |       25218      0.16%     97.13% |       39054      0.25%     97.38% |       78481      0.50%     97.87% |      150789      0.95%     98.83% |      185997      1.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      15848199                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            15848197                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              41.612816                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.191452                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            210.803083                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    15641000     98.69%     98.69% |      174991      1.10%     99.80% |       28429      0.18%     99.98% |        3360      0.02%    100.00% |         353      0.00%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              15848197                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        14670965                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000375                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000320                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.020532                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14665667     99.96%     99.96% |        5189      0.04%    100.00% |          59      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          14670965                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1177232                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        522.810895                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       270.300383                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       590.002791                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      970035     82.40%     82.40% |      174991     14.86%     97.26% |       28429      2.41%     99.68% |        3360      0.29%     99.96% |         353      0.03%     99.99% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1177232                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4702208                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    3964928                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses          99369                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses        99369                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          337                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          300                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          264                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          304                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     10940762                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       509970                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     11450732                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3726060                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124095                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3850155                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       261253                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22328                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       110920                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1528989                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        47682                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           48                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           48                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          517                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67894                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68411                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        18548                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          515                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67890                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68405                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        18286                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          515                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67896                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68411                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        18525                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          520                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67887                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68407                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        18257                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          526                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67880                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68406                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        18419                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          517                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67890                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68407                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        18422                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          518                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67889                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68407                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        18666                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          515                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67895                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68410                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        18806                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        53478                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27903                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        81381                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        12398                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        24284                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        36682                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        12222                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        24304                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        36526                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10445                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        24246                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        34691                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9834                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        24261                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        34095                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10405                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        24231                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        34636                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         9226                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        24265                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        33491                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9746                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        24190                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        33936                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11331                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        24313                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        35644                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        10251                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        24227                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        34478                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        10443                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        24228                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        34671                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        10824                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        24211                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        35035                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         8752                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        24298                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        33050                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        10989                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        24200                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        35189                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        16496                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        24242                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        40738                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        10520                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        24207                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        34727                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        10428                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        24178                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        34606                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10673                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        24232                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        34905                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        10679                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        24268                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        34947                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        10191                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        24232                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        34423                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        11332                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        24175                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        35507                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        12453                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        24211                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        36664                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        13154                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        24207                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37361                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        11708                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        24236                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        35944                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        15021                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        24184                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39205                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        18375                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        24178                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        42553                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9173                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        24203                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        33376                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9621                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        24191                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        33812                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8657                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        24213                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        32870                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8769                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        24219                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        32988                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         9735                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        24235                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        33970                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10853                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        24280                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        35133                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      9460142                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      9460142                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9676228                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9460142                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4079476                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4067302                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      9460142                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.083360                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      4543930                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      4543930                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4734439                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4543930                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2225341                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2212414                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      4543930                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.040040                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      3823399                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      3823399                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4053420                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3823399                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1557347                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1541955                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      3823399                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.033691                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3352830                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3352830                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3565063                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3352830                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1406028                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1394126                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3352830                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.029544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4010861                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4010861                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4263699                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4010861                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1933772                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1904641                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4010861                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.035343                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      4033381                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      4033381                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4276039                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4033381                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1905016                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1889573                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      4033381                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.035541                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4695465                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4695465                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4976170                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4695465                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1795903                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1775885                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4695465                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.041375                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3421205                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3421205                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3681739                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3421205                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1407417                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1388117                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3421205                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.030147                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2339553                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2339553                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2461392                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2339553                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1018846                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1007973                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2339553                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.020616                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2864482                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2864482                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3054907                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2864482                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1334656                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1316102                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2864482                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.025241                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2041015                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2041015                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2120208                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2041015                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       828082                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       822015                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2041015                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.017985                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1728853                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1728853                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1748127                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1728853                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       695192                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       694733                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1728853                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.015234                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      2154102                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      2154102                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2182320                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2154102                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       974963                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       974274                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      2154102                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.018981                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1805131                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1805131                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1827666                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1805131                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       733960                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       733375                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1805131                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.015906                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1075172                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1075172                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1094916                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1075172                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       416735                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       415760                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1075172                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.009474                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1581828                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1581828                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1623750                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1581828                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       621676                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       619800                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1581828                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.013939                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2110384                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2110384                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2153919                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2110384                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       775975                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       773440                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2110384                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.018596                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1672528                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1672528                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1720436                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1672528                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       638485                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       635128                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1672528                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.014738                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1632872                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1632872                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1696725                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1632872                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       653357                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       649216                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1632872                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.014388                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       946295                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       946295                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       962491                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       946295                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       375110                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       374335                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       946295                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.008339                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       919271                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       919271                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       922874                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       919271                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       415463                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       415411                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       919271                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.008100                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      1153438                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      1153438                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1159106                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1153438                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       550970                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       550442                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      1153438                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.010164                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       998237                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       998237                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1003897                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       998237                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       440813                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       440709                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       998237                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.008796                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       626870                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       626870                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       626870                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       626870                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258182                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258182                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       626870                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005524                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       866154                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       866154                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       869669                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       866154                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       363811                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       363754                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       866154                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007632                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1079658                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1079658                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1085124                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1079658                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       507640                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       507278                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1079658                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.009514                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       985794                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       985794                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       991350                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       985794                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       428176                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       428082                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       985794                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.008687                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       632354                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       632354                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       632354                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       632354                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258870                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258870                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       632354                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005572                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3892353                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3892353                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4215374                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3892352                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1606667                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1599837                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3892352                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.034298                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3836963                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3836963                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4073739                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3836963                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1558070                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1549619                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3836963                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.033810                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3869917                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3869917                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4168094                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3869917                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1548183                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1538669                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3869917                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.034101                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      4019190                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      4019190                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4289049                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4019190                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1629175                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1617270                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      4019190                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.035416                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5770727     27.38%     27.38% |    14236188     67.55%     94.94% |     1066987      5.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21073902                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5770727     27.38%     27.38% |    14236189     67.55%     94.94% |     1066987      5.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21073903                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   219080164                       |   358657324                       |    24555783                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   474522949                       |    57323464                       |     1066987                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   37.964049                       |   25.193354                       |   23.014135                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   82.229319                       |    4.026602                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.580055                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    25.287837                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         53.867892                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002954                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.064058      7.04%      7.04% |    0.063975      7.03%     14.07% |    0.062658      6.89%     20.96% |    0.062462      6.87%     27.83% |    0.154165     16.95%     44.77% |    0.150377     16.53%     61.30% |    0.153919     16.92%     78.22% |    0.150221     16.51%     94.73% |    0.011986      1.32%     96.05% |    0.011991      1.32%     97.36% |    0.011989      1.32%     98.68% |    0.011988      1.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.909790                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.022628                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027614                       |    0.000001                       |    0.002874                       |    0.002871                       |    0.002874                       |    0.002874                       |    0.002871                       |    0.002873                       |    0.002873                       |    0.002874                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005368                       |    0.002840                       |    0.002651                       |    0.002802                       |    0.002665                       |    0.002683                       |    0.002637                       |    0.002648                       |    0.002698                       |    0.002747                       |    0.002831                       |    0.002734                       |    0.002705                       |    0.002726                       |    0.002670                       |    0.002694                       |    0.002783                       |    0.002720                       |    0.002734                       |    0.002755                       |    0.002766                       |    0.003056                       |    0.002738                       |    0.002733                       |    0.002747                       |    0.002750                       |    0.002725                       |    0.002768                       |    0.002836                       |    0.002862                       |    0.002960                       |    0.003143                       |    0.010425                       |    0.010235                       |    0.010235                       |    0.010218                       |    0.000215                       |           0                       |    0.000420                       |    0.001298                       |    0.000109                       |    0.000119                       |    0.000107                       |    0.000118                       |    0.000109                       |    0.000119                       |    0.000095                       |    0.000102                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002821                       |    0.000218                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002981                       |    0.002080                       |    0.003585                       |    0.002746                       |    0.000095                       |    0.003731                       |    0.007482                       |    0.002977                       |           0                       |    0.002892                       |    0.007685                       |           0                       |    0.007979                       |    0.011782                       |    0.003960                       |    0.003585                       |    0.002698                       |    0.000109                       |    0.008296                       |    0.007072                       |    0.011931                       |    0.003585                       |    0.002847                       |    0.000119                       |    0.011048                       |    0.007373                       |    0.004572                       |           0                       |    0.002880                       |    0.007502                       |           0                       |    0.011295                       |    0.007245                       |    0.004889                       |           0                       |    0.002776                       |           0                       |    0.005482                       |    0.003624                       |    0.003353                       |           0                       |    0.002803                       |           0                       |    0.002747                       |    0.002082                       |           0                       |    0.003024                       |           0                       |    0.001388                       |    0.003056                       |    0.002695                       |    0.003585                       |    0.002742                       |    0.000102                       |    0.003990                       |    0.004563                       |    0.007614                       |    0.002646                       |    0.003585                       |    0.002707                       |    0.000107                       |    0.005259                       |    0.009540                       |    0.010336                       |    0.003809                       |    0.032531                       |    0.004550                       |    0.000420                       |    0.005227                       |    0.015040                       |    0.019819                       |    0.005774                       |    0.000003                       |    0.002871                       |    0.001298                       |    0.005386                       |    0.009226                       |    0.015510                       |    0.005747                       |    0.003585                       |    0.002711                       |    0.000118                       |    0.007859                       |    0.007856                       |    0.008541                       |    0.004870                       |           0                       |    0.002758                       |           0                       |    0.002508                       |    0.005455                       |    0.004325                       |    0.003937                       |           0                       |    0.002798                       |           0                       |    0.001261                       |    0.002750                       |    0.002705                       |           0                       |    0.002802                       |           0                       |    0.000465                       |    0.002738                       |    0.002791                       |           0                       |    0.002831                       |           0                       |    0.003945                       |    0.003362                       |    0.005122                       |    0.002724                       |           0                       |    0.002979                       |    0.007503                       |           0                       |    0.003083                       |    0.007975                       |    0.009820                       |    0.002742                       |    0.003584                       |    0.002685                       |    0.000109                       |    0.018466                       |    0.008284                       |    0.005430                       |    0.002817                       |    0.003585                       |    0.002713                       |    0.000119                       |    0.003654                       |    0.011139                       |    0.006185                       |    0.002752                       |           0                       |    0.003075                       |    0.007496                       |           0                       |    0.004014                       |    0.011534                       |    0.006518                       |    0.002779                       |           0                       |    0.002751                       |           0                       |    0.001633                       |    0.005451                       |    0.003256                       |    0.002815                       |           0                       |    0.002800                       |           0                       |    0.000358                       |    0.002725                       |    0.002804                       |           0                       |    0.002791                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002733                       |           0                       |    0.002724                       |           0                       |    0.001795                       |           0                       |    0.004955                       |           0                       |    0.002742                       |           0                       |    0.003691                       |    0.001347                       |    0.006159                       |           0                       |    0.002817                       |           0                       |    0.009025                       |    0.003548                       |    0.003206                       |           0                       |    0.002752                       |           0                       |    0.001796                       |    0.006837                       |    0.003352                       |           0                       |    0.002779                       |           0                       |    0.005549                       |    0.006060                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002815                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005524                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002804                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002768                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.909790                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5030534                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5030534                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       303339                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3440041                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         2813996                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     81.801234                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          350629                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30072                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              9657849                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              55067                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             7839482                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            103626                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          9712916                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         7943108                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  17497331                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  158693                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              17656024                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3857195                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9453                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3866648                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3857195                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9453                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3866648                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                109923971                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     14579411                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               29411217                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5030534                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3164625                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              90324061                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          686270                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140404                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       165567                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       240268                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3365                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       324428                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3856562                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        154071                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3828                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    106120639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.509932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.776497                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         95931172     90.40%     90.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1546608      1.46%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           827817      0.78%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           758886      0.72%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           815709      0.77%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           861739      0.81%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           735709      0.69%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           494323      0.47%     96.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          4148676      3.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    106120639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.045764                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.267560                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          9298130                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      89065217                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4709131                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2705019                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         343135                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       50443486                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         343135                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         10433910                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        51604425                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      7431189                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           6166866                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30141107                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       49102931                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65168                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2051042                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         413438                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       27097231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     51387384                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     120937986                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     75219449                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          125                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      40950367                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         10436989                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       196344                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       198373                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          18468859                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      4916872                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      8105640                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       624711                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       462306                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           47861666                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       275293                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          50568316                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       215515                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7782304                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12494491                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        67859                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    106120639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.225273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     85880314     80.93%     80.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      7463856      7.03%     87.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5386622      5.08%     93.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2395434      2.26%     95.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2045153      1.93%     97.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1510027      1.42%     98.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       878536      0.83%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       342625      0.32%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       218072      0.21%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    106120639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          106645     12.15%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         680170     77.50%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         90845     10.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       235514      0.47%      0.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      32468098     64.21%     64.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        30898      0.06%     64.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52180      0.10%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9803244     19.39%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7978380     15.78%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       50568316                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.460030                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              877660                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.017356                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    208350362                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     55926660                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     44480503                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           84                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          198                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           34                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       51210419                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              43                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       810029                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1175311                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2686                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7741                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       512553                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1827                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5760198                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         343135                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4577833                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      44961762                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     48136959                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114047                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       4916872                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8105640                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       266196                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          72012                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      44816736                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7741                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134143                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       224851                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       358994                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      50055149                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       9650808                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       355007                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             17499702                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3817053                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            7848894                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.455362                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               44560489                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              44480537                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          24818153                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          40272190                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.404648                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.616260                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8005610                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       207434                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       316631                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    104843925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.382683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.197439                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     89185735     85.07%     85.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      5556421      5.30%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      5129747      4.89%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1969891      1.88%     97.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       968625      0.92%     98.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       332078      0.32%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       219247      0.21%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       311428      0.30%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1170753      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    104843925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     22623047                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       40121980                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               11334636                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3741557                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5781                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            3443208                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  6                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          39771390                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       273722                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       111270      0.28%      0.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     28595583     71.27%     71.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        29695      0.07%     71.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50794      0.13%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3741557      9.33%     81.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      7593079     18.92%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     40121980                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1170753                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            151712557                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            97537272                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84795                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3803332                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3560628                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            22623047                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              40121980                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.858937                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.858937                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.205806                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.205806                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         78024698                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        32498134                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                38                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               60                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          19128526                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         12897465                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        25712868                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         190684                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1463586500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean              1463586500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3273405                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        89.352043                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       38.877837                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      164.924365                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     2932049     89.57%     89.57% |      183532      5.61%     95.18% |      113516      3.47%     98.65% |       42250      1.29%     99.94% |        2057      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3273405                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3763534                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.943902                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.477706                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       12.603810                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3737160     99.30%     99.30% |       21043      0.56%     99.86% |        3681      0.10%     99.96% |        1206      0.03%     99.99% |         339      0.01%    100.00% |          84      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3763534                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         15755                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.129356                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.786862                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.240804                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         555      3.52%      3.52% |        1950     12.38%     15.90% |        7191     45.64%     61.54% |        3585     22.75%     84.30% |        2432     15.44%     99.73% |          34      0.22%     99.95% |           8      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           15755                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          3988446                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           76.782958                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.183969                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         297.527645                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     3880390     97.29%     97.29% |       91483      2.29%     99.58% |       14443      0.36%     99.95% |        1863      0.05%     99.99% |         212      0.01%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            3988446                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3521894                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.001014                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000873                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.032141                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3518343     99.90%     99.90% |        3543      0.10%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3521894                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       466552                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     633.745925                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    321.256472                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    636.756910                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      358496     76.84%     76.84% |       91483     19.61%     96.45% |       14443      3.10%     99.54% |        1863      0.40%     99.94% |         212      0.05%     99.99% |          46      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        466552                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          7841193                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           42.056007                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.221845                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         208.081352                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     7742121     98.74%     98.74% |       83454      1.06%     99.80% |       13973      0.18%     99.98% |        1496      0.02%    100.00% |         140      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            7841193                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      7266798                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000252                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000210                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.018345                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     7265150     99.98%     99.98% |        1547      0.02%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        7266798                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       574395                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     536.158992                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    317.919863                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    572.392928                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      475323     82.75%     82.75% |       83454     14.53%     97.28% |       13973      2.43%     99.71% |        1496      0.26%     99.97% |         140      0.02%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        574395                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3850153                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.670620                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.328292                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      19.277855                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3849839     99.99%     99.99% |         249      0.01%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3850153                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3726060                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001371                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3726053    100.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3726060                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124093                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    85.859549                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.232868                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    69.900772                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      123779     99.75%     99.75% |         249      0.20%     99.95% |          32      0.03%     99.97% |          18      0.01%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124093                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       167085                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.785953                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.805196                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    32.418205                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      166543     99.68%     99.68% |         501      0.30%     99.98% |          34      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       167085                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       154927                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000594                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000513                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.024361                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      154835     99.94%     99.94% |          92      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       154927                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        12158                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    96.250452                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    78.559717                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    79.877970                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       11616     95.54%     95.54% |         501      4.12%     99.66% |          34      0.28%     99.94% |           3      0.02%     99.97% |           1      0.01%     99.98% |           2      0.02%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        12158                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.572727                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.510953                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.752340                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         626     94.85%     94.85% |          24      3.64%     98.48% |           6      0.91%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.30%     99.70% |           2      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         626    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    72.352941                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.535593                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    48.187690                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24     70.59%     70.59% |           6     17.65%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           2      5.88%     94.12% |           2      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks         9164                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      1039213                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        38477                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                     3674                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                     6723                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    12382                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    29590                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     3679                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                     6995                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    12508                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    29521                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                     3668                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     6659                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   12647                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   29293                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    3778                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                    6685                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   12812                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   29558                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                    3808                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    7039                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   12572                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   29460                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                    3848                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                    7097                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   12185                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   29788                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    3918                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                    6684                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   12679                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                   29297                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                    3611                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    6206                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                   12062                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   29798                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    838                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   1885                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   3330                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                  10122                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    833                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   1613                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   3204                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                  10191                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    844                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                   1949                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                  3065                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                 10419                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   734                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                  1923                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  2900                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                 10154                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                  1569                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                  3140                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                 10252                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                   664                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                  1511                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                  3527                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  9924                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                   594                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                  1924                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                  3033                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                 10415                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                   901                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                  2402                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                  3650                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                  9914                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     3487                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     4549                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     7579                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    18885                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     3452                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     4311                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     7418                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    18596                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                     3496                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                     4643                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                    7376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   19021                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                    3413                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                    4457                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                    7238                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                   18675                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                    3486                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                    4325                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                    7471                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                   18898                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                    3444                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                    4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                    7753                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                   18517                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                    3565                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                    4676                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                    7461                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                   19399                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                    3502                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                    4855                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                    7975                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                   18808                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                   88636                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            139984099084367                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            139984099223707                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  551876                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                   83425                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                30915316                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                31048935                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                31368699                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                30914931                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                30910318                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles               31055563                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles               31357309                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles               30911754                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles               30912154                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles               31033873                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               31349826                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               30912049                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles               30917869                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               31063276                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               31376666                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles               30910140                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               30910699                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               31050180                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles               31365500                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               30920092                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles               30920266                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               31067431                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles               31411082                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles               30921554                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles               30922009                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles               31073828                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles               31370900                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                    8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                  168                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 3279                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 6690                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                17946                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                  167                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 3419                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 6752                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                18102                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                  170                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 3221                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                6900                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               17932                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                 167                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                3279                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                6917                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               18124                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits                 169                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                3452                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits                6825                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               17985                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                 171                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits                3449                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                6447                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               18188                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                 168                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                3230                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits                6889                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits               17732                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits                 164                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                2985                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                6359                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               18216                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                 24                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               1041                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               1918                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               6214                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 25                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                901                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               1856                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               6058                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                 22                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses               1099                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses              1708                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              6228                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses                25                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses              1041                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              1691                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses              6036                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses                23                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses               868                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses              1783                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses              6175                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                21                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               871                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses              2161                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses              5972                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses                24                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses              1090                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses              1719                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses              6428                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses                28                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses              1335                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses              2249                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses              5944                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                3506                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                3444                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                5692                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               11644                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                3512                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                3576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                5756                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               11419                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                3498                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                3438                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               5747                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              11361                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               3611                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               3406                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               5895                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              11434                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               3639                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               3587                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               5747                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits              11475                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits               3677                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               3648                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               5738                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits              11600                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               3750                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits               3454                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               5790                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits              11565                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               3447                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               3221                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits               5703                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits              11582                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               814                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               844                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              1412                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              3908                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses               808                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses               712                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              1348                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              4133                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses               822                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               850                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses             1357                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses             4191                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              709                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses              882                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses             1209                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses             4118                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses              681                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses              701                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses             1357                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses             4077                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses              643                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              640                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses             1366                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses             3952                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses              570                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses              834                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses             1314                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses             3987                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses              873                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses             1067                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses             1401                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses             3970                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 223975                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                 315845                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 716092                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                1451865                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 222447                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                 318247                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                 714003                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                1476097                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                 224784                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 314072                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                721111                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               1495215                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles                222880                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles                314878                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                709369                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               1446426                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles                219876                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles                319614                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles                720618                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               1448036                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                219649                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles                323689                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles                730753                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               1477221                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                221372                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                317240                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles                716602                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               1492246                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles                225172                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                315563                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                726777                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               1460096                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                 18323                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                129005                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                671663                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1358223                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                 19626                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                139072                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                667062                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1389226                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles                 18705                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                137206                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles               669984                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1392971                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles                23208                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles               141940                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               650401                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1353872                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles                15002                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles               159060                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles               671354                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              1360210                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                15635                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles               141391                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles               683499                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              1385717                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles                20869                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles               153274                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles               657734                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              1395493                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles                19371                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               150794                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles               679534                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              1371664                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             119213                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             458033                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             118643                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             438145                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             120200                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             450325                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            117280                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            438046                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            121951                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            413542                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            119791                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            444243                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles            119559                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles            432167                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            122941                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles            412035                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               411367                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               217662                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               399780                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               617553                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               400173                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               227077                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               412466                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               646704                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               399247                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               214442                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles              405304                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              652056                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles              401645                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              216220                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              454435                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles              607695                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              387453                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles              233677                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              400614                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              607544                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles              391114                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              237802                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles              408487                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles              642322                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              395683                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles              223121                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles              454273                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles              658382                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              403298                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              235456                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles              396922                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles              635765                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time            18323                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time           129005                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           671663                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1358223                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time            19626                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time           139072                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           667062                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1389226                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time            18705                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           137206                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time          669984                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1392971                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time           23208                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time          141940                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          650401                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1353872                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time           15002                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time          159060                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time          671354                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         1360210                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time           15635                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time          141391                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time          683499                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         1385717                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time           20869                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time          153274                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time          657734                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         1395493                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time           19371                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          150794                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time          679534                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         1371664                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time         70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time         70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time        70824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time        70704                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time        70704                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        70704                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time        70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          188668                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          206218                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          399780                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          617553                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          185614                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          212292                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          412466                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          646704                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          187934                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          203973                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time         405304                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         652056                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time         187004                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         199937                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         422519                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time         607695                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         185199                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time         215268                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         400614                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         607544                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time         186438                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         210460                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time         405412                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         642322                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         188029                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time         208967                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         437135                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time         658382                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         186397                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         216455                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time         396843                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time         635765                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             205355                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time             279020                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             700796                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            1420137                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             204447                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time             290550                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time             698707                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            1444369                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time             206590                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             279226                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time            705815                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           1463487                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time            204329                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time            281253                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            694179                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           1414698                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time            199115                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time            284898                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time            705322                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           1416308                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time            199948                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time            288475                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time            716946                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           1445493                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            202008                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time            285608                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time            701306                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           1460518                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time            205336                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            287438                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time            711481                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           1428368                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               817                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              1533                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles              1506                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1541                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles              329                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles              404                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles              357                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles              419                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         110658087                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         110784456                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         110957508                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         111331572                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         110657427                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         110784452                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         110957504                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         111331568                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         110657422                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         110784458                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        110957510                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        111331574                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        110657670                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        110784454                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        110957506                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        111331570                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles        110658446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        110784463                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        110957515                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        111331579                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles        110658391                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles        110784459                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        110957511                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        111331575                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        110658445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles        110784475                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles        110957527                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        111331591                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        110658398                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        110784471                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles        110957523                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles        111331587                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          1493058                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          1555375                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          1740452                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2110265                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          1491117                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          1557292                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          1740691                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2122594                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          1491681                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          1552405                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         1745866                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2119625                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         1491473                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         1550825                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         1743248                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2098042                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         1493032                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         1557870                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         1748142                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2086366                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         1494052                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         1555915                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         1752371                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         2120734                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         1497160                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles         1550322                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         1745916                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles         2139690                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles         1488790                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         1554963                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles         1747584                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles         2109813                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0                83                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               147                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               268                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               649                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0                80                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               145                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               265                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               662                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0                77                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               141                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              261                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              666                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0               76                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              149                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              266                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              649                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0               76                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              148                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              262                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              645                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0               77                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              143                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              273                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              649                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0               75                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0              145                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              262                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              658                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0               86                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0              154                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0              271                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              654                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1               774                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1               633                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              1175                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              2232                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1               813                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1               733                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              1277                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              2352                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1               769                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1               603                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             1175                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             2093                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1              856                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1              723                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             1291                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             2264                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1              781                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1              683                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             1154                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             2184                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1              820                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1              696                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             1239                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             2358                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1              704                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1              557                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             1100                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             1923                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1              760                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1              614                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1             1107                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             2034                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2                58                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2               566                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              1557                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              4166                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2                57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2               718                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              1619                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              4753                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2                58                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2               560                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             1473                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             4281                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2               58                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2              750                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             1735                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             4549                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2               55                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2              637                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             1488                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             4197                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2               59                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2              657                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             1710                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2             4826                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2               57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2              497                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2             1225                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             3533                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2               58                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2              548                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2             1350                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2             3875                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles             430                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles             560                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles             333                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles            2071                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles             509                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles              52                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles             127                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles            1851                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles             710                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles           1104                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles            391                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles            801                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles            445                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles           3126                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles            217                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles            796                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles            448                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles           2756                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles            257                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles            323                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles            228                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles           1737                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles            455                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles           1333                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles            519                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles           3275                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      197429     25.35%     25.35% |      193911     24.90%     50.25% |      193911     24.90%     75.14% |      193584     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       778835                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      119839     25.55%     25.55% |      116426     24.82%     50.37% |      116433     24.82%     75.19% |      116400     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       469098                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      197452     25.35%     25.35% |      193911     24.90%     50.25% |      193910     24.90%     75.15% |      193584     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       778857                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      125730     25.52%     25.52% |      122329     24.83%     50.35% |      122336     24.83%     75.18% |      122303     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       492698                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           79                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6080     25.00%     25.00% |        6080     25.00%     50.00% |        6080     25.00%     75.00% |        6080     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24320                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       69398     25.06%     25.06% |       69293     25.02%     50.07% |       69286     25.02%     75.09% |       68992     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       276969                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      197429     25.35%     25.35% |      193911     24.90%     50.25% |      193911     24.90%     75.14% |      193584     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       778835                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      119595     25.54%     25.54% |      116249     24.82%     50.36% |      116256     24.82%     75.18% |      116223     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       468323                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       69398     25.06%     25.06% |       69293     25.02%     50.07% |       69286     25.02%     75.09% |       68992     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       276969                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      197428     25.35%     25.35% |      193911     24.90%     50.25% |      193910     24.90%     75.14% |      193584     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       778833                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      119595     25.54%     25.54% |      116249     24.82%     50.36% |      116256     24.82%     75.18% |      116223     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       468323                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          720                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3692199     92.54%     92.54% |          48      0.00%     92.54% |       37187      0.93%     93.48% |       37185      0.93%     94.41% |       37184      0.93%     95.34% |       37186      0.93%     96.27% |       37186      0.93%     97.20% |       37185      0.93%     98.14% |       37186      0.93%     99.07% |       37184      0.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3989730                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3850212    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3850212                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     7759929     96.88%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |       31229      0.39%     97.27% |       31221      0.39%     97.66% |       31227      0.39%     98.05% |       31223      0.39%     98.44% |       31226      0.39%     98.83% |       31224      0.39%     99.22% |       31224      0.39%     99.61% |       31226      0.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      8009729                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15279     98.33%     98.33% |          48      0.31%     98.64% |          13      0.08%     98.72% |          18      0.12%     98.84% |          16      0.10%     98.94% |          22      0.14%     99.08% |          26      0.17%     99.25% |          45      0.29%     99.54% |          51      0.33%     99.86% |          21      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        15539                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      630982     53.93%     53.93% |           0      0.00%     53.93% |       67394      5.76%     59.69% |       67382      5.76%     65.45% |       67384      5.76%     71.21% |       67377      5.76%     76.96% |       67379      5.76%     82.72% |       67379      5.76%     88.48% |       67382      5.76%     94.24% |       67385      5.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1170044                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          10     15.15%     15.15% |           3      4.55%     19.70% |          12     18.18%     37.88% |           6      9.09%     46.97% |           5      7.58%     54.55% |           9     13.64%     68.18% |          10     15.15%     83.33% |          11     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           66                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          81     54.00%     54.00% |           2      1.33%     55.33% |           8      5.33%     60.67% |           7      4.67%     65.33% |           9      6.00%     71.33% |           7      4.67%     76.00% |           4      2.67%     78.67% |          12      8.00%     86.67% |           7      4.67%     91.33% |          13      8.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total          150                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      169743     36.54%     36.54% |          40      0.01%     36.55% |       36851      7.93%     44.49% |       36848      7.93%     52.42% |       36841      7.93%     60.35% |       36847      7.93%     68.28% |       36832      7.93%     76.21% |       36831      7.93%     84.14% |       36812      7.93%     92.07% |       36850      7.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       464495                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.33%      1.33% |           8      5.33%      6.67% |           5      3.33%     10.00% |          11      7.33%     17.33% |           7      4.67%     22.00% |          14      9.33%     31.33% |          22     14.67%     46.00% |          31     20.67%     66.67% |          44     29.33%     96.00% |           6      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total          150                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      464295     65.16%     65.16% |           0      0.00%     65.16% |       31038      4.36%     69.51% |       31031      4.35%     73.87% |       31048      4.36%     78.23% |       31026      4.35%     82.58% |       31026      4.35%     86.93% |       31028      4.35%     91.29% |       31033      4.36%     95.64% |       31039      4.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       712564                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      506191     48.44%     48.44% |           0      0.00%     48.44% |       67359      6.45%     54.89% |       67357      6.45%     61.33% |       67356      6.45%     67.78% |       67347      6.45%     74.23% |       67337      6.44%     80.67% |       67324      6.44%     87.11% |       67317      6.44%     93.55% |       67351      6.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1044939                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      170797     36.68%     36.68% |          23      0.00%     36.68% |       36856      7.91%     44.60% |       36859      7.92%     52.51% |       36848      7.91%     60.42% |       36862      7.92%     68.34% |       36854      7.91%     76.25% |       36864      7.92%     84.17% |       36856      7.91%     92.09% |       36858      7.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       465677                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122692    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122692                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      338257     57.67%     57.67% |           0      0.00%     57.67% |       31038      5.29%     62.96% |       31031      5.29%     68.25% |       31048      5.29%     73.55% |       31025      5.29%     78.84% |       31026      5.29%     84.13% |       31026      5.29%     89.42% |       31033      5.29%     94.71% |       31037      5.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       586521                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11267     98.15%     98.15% |           0      0.00%     98.15% |          13      0.11%     98.27% |          18      0.16%     98.42% |          16      0.14%     98.56% |          22      0.19%     98.75% |          26      0.23%     98.98% |          45      0.39%     99.37% |          51      0.44%     99.82% |          21      0.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11479                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         850     97.14%     97.14% |          25      2.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          875                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1403    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1403                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          43    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           43                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         839     92.71%     92.71% |           0      0.00%     92.71% |          10      1.10%     93.81% |           3      0.33%     94.14% |          12      1.33%     95.47% |           6      0.66%     96.13% |           5      0.55%     96.69% |           9      0.99%     97.68% |          10      1.10%     98.78% |          11      1.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          905                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       20594     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           2      0.01%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           4      0.02%     99.87% |          11      0.05%     99.93% |          14      0.07%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        20626                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3726060    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3726060                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2315     99.57%     99.57% |          10      0.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2325                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      123692     99.83%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |          13      0.01%     99.84% |          18      0.01%     99.85% |          16      0.01%     99.87% |          22      0.02%     99.89% |          26      0.02%     99.91% |          45      0.04%     99.94% |          50      0.04%     99.98% |          21      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       123903                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1643206     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |         328      0.02%     99.86% |         323      0.02%     99.88% |         336      0.02%     99.90% |         322      0.02%     99.92% |         326      0.02%     99.94% |         309      0.02%     99.96% |         314      0.02%     99.98% |         325      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1645789                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       29113    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        29113                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1519     97.56%     97.56% |          38      2.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1557                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      139023     32.16%     32.16% |           0      0.00%     32.16% |       36651      8.48%     40.64% |       36709      8.49%     49.13% |       36640      8.48%     57.61% |       36630      8.47%     66.09% |       36685      8.49%     74.57% |       36647      8.48%     83.05% |       36615      8.47%     91.52% |       36646      8.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       432246                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      2.94%      2.94% |           8     11.76%     14.71% |           7     10.29%     25.00% |           9     13.24%     38.24% |           7     10.29%     48.53% |           4      5.88%     54.41% |          12     17.65%     72.06% |           6      8.82%     80.88% |          13     19.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           68                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1855479    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1855479                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     7392370     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |         189      0.00%     99.98% |         190      0.00%     99.98% |         179      0.00%     99.99% |         198      0.00%     99.99% |         196      0.00%     99.99% |         197      0.00%     99.99% |         190      0.00%    100.00% |         189      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      7393898                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         178    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          178                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      367168     59.93%     59.93% |           0      0.00%     59.93% |       30708      5.01%     64.94% |       30648      5.00%     69.94% |       30716      5.01%     74.95% |       30717      5.01%     79.97% |       30652      5.00%     84.97% |       30677      5.01%     89.98% |       30702      5.01%     94.99% |       30705      5.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       612693                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          10     15.15%     15.15% |           3      4.55%     19.70% |          12     18.18%     37.88% |           6      9.09%     46.97% |           5      7.58%     54.55% |           9     13.64%     68.18% |          10     15.15%     83.33% |          11     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           66                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           81                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         250     91.24%     91.24% |           0      0.00%     91.24% |           7      2.55%     93.80% |           4      1.46%     95.26% |           0      0.00%     95.26% |           0      0.00%     95.26% |          10      3.65%     98.91% |           0      0.00%     98.91% |           3      1.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          274                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      169743     36.54%     36.54% |          40      0.01%     36.55% |       36851      7.93%     44.49% |       36848      7.93%     52.42% |       36841      7.93%     60.35% |       36847      7.93%     68.28% |       36832      7.93%     76.21% |       36831      7.93%     84.14% |       36812      7.93%     92.07% |       36850      7.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       464495                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.33%      1.33% |           8      5.33%      6.67% |           5      3.33%     10.00% |          11      7.33%     17.33% |           7      4.67%     22.00% |          14      9.33%     31.33% |          22     14.67%     46.00% |          31     20.67%     66.67% |          44     29.33%     96.00% |           6      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total          150                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      125995    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10     43.48%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           5     21.74%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           0      0.00%     65.22% |           2      8.70%     73.91% |           1      4.35%     78.26% |           1      4.35%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      338300     57.67%     57.67% |           0      0.00%     57.67% |       31038      5.29%     62.97% |       31031      5.29%     68.26% |       31048      5.29%     73.55% |       31025      5.29%     78.84% |       31026      5.29%     84.13% |       31026      5.29%     89.42% |       31033      5.29%     94.71% |       31037      5.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       586564                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1273     99.14%     99.14% |           0      0.00%     99.14% |           3      0.23%     99.38% |           1      0.08%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |           2      0.16%     99.61% |           2      0.16%     99.77% |           1      0.08%     99.84% |           2      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1284                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          57    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           57                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         123     93.89%     93.89% |           0      0.00%     93.89% |           2      1.53%     95.42% |           0      0.00%     95.42% |           0      0.00%     95.42% |           0      0.00%     95.42% |           4      3.05%     98.47% |           1      0.76%     99.24% |           1      0.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          131                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      506191     48.44%     48.44% |           0      0.00%     48.44% |       67359      6.45%     54.89% |       67357      6.45%     61.33% |       67356      6.45%     67.78% |       67347      6.45%     74.23% |       67337      6.44%     80.67% |       67324      6.44%     87.11% |       67316      6.44%     93.55% |       67351      6.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1044938                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3865      3.11%      3.11% |        3801      3.06%      6.18% |        3548      2.86%      9.03% |        3504      2.82%     11.86% |        3572      2.88%     14.73% |        4048      3.26%     18.00% |        3753      3.02%     21.02% |        3279      2.64%     23.66% |        3556      2.86%     26.52% |        5140      4.14%     30.67% |        3963      3.19%     33.86% |        3820      3.08%     36.94% |        3563      2.87%     39.81% |        4325      3.48%     43.29% |        3868      3.12%     46.41% |        3737      3.01%     49.42% |        4118      3.32%     52.73% |        4155      3.35%     56.08% |        3673      2.96%     59.04% |        3383      2.73%     61.77% |        3062      2.47%     64.23% |        3702      2.98%     67.21% |        3479      2.80%     70.02% |        3352      2.70%     72.72% |        3636      2.93%     75.65% |        3694      2.98%     78.62% |        3243      2.61%     81.23% |        4615      3.72%     84.95% |        3977      3.20%     88.16% |        5213      4.20%     92.36% |        5073      4.09%     96.44% |        4416      3.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124133                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       55084     11.81%     11.81% |       13892      2.98%     14.78% |       12701      2.72%     17.51% |       13622      2.92%     20.43% |       12825      2.75%     23.17% |       12691      2.72%     25.89% |       12293      2.63%     28.53% |       12557      2.69%     31.22% |       12942      2.77%     33.99% |       12814      2.75%     36.74% |       14957      3.21%     39.95% |       13303      2.85%     42.80% |       12853      2.75%     45.55% |       12824      2.75%     48.30% |       12198      2.61%     50.92% |       12581      2.70%     53.61% |       13678      2.93%     56.54% |       12730      2.73%     59.27% |       13095      2.81%     62.08% |       13148      2.82%     64.90% |       13665      2.93%     67.83% |       16810      3.60%     71.43% |       12771      2.74%     74.17% |       12924      2.77%     76.94% |       12862      2.76%     79.69% |       13001      2.79%     82.48% |       12528      2.69%     85.16% |       12245      2.62%     87.79% |       13257      2.84%     90.63% |       12620      2.70%     93.34% |       13601      2.92%     96.25% |       17495      3.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       466567                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       22433      3.82%      3.82% |       18989      3.24%      7.06% |       16800      2.86%      9.93% |       18817      3.21%     13.13% |       16979      2.89%     16.03% |       17073      2.91%     18.94% |       16824      2.87%     21.81% |       17153      2.92%     24.73% |       17472      2.98%     27.71% |       17179      2.93%     30.64% |       17608      3.00%     33.64% |       17569      3.00%     36.63% |       17679      3.01%     39.65% |       17488      2.98%     42.63% |       17424      2.97%     45.60% |       17619      3.00%     48.60% |       17849      3.04%     51.65% |       17592      3.00%     54.65% |       17893      3.05%     57.70% |       18510      3.16%     60.85% |       18477      3.15%     64.00% |       20247      3.45%     67.45% |       18477      3.15%     70.60% |       18330      3.12%     73.73% |       18407      3.14%     76.87% |       18252      3.11%     79.98% |       18650      3.18%     83.16% |       18645      3.18%     86.34% |       19439      3.31%     89.65% |       19538      3.33%     92.98% |       20537      3.50%     96.48% |       20642      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       586591                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       75583      7.23%      7.23% |       32683      3.13%     10.36% |       29299      2.80%     13.16% |       32205      3.08%     16.25% |       29605      2.83%     19.08% |       29494      2.82%     21.90% |       28910      2.77%     24.67% |       29512      2.82%     27.49% |       30215      2.89%     30.39% |       29810      2.85%     33.24% |       32346      3.10%     36.33% |       30690      2.94%     39.27% |       30342      2.90%     42.17% |       30125      2.88%     45.06% |       29419      2.82%     47.87% |       30020      2.87%     50.75% |       31304      3.00%     53.74% |       30136      2.88%     56.63% |       30757      2.94%     59.57% |       31444      3.01%     62.58% |       31925      3.06%     65.63% |       36802      3.52%     69.15% |       31058      2.97%     72.13% |       31065      2.97%     75.10% |       31075      2.97%     78.07% |       31057      2.97%     81.05% |       30990      2.97%     84.01% |       30694      2.94%     86.95% |       32511      3.11%     90.06% |       31973      3.06%     93.12% |       33950      3.25%     96.37% |       37940      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1044939                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       17853      3.81%      3.81% |       14525      3.10%      6.92% |       14537      3.10%     10.02% |       14520      3.10%     13.12% |       14504      3.10%     16.22% |       14510      3.10%     19.32% |       14522      3.10%     22.42% |       14521      3.10%     25.52% |       14532      3.10%     28.62% |       14541      3.11%     31.73% |       14536      3.10%     34.83% |       14531      3.10%     37.94% |       14519      3.10%     41.04% |       14527      3.10%     44.14% |       14519      3.10%     47.24% |       14516      3.10%     50.34% |       14567      3.11%     53.45% |       14534      3.10%     56.56% |       14540      3.11%     59.66% |       14536      3.10%     62.77% |       14520      3.10%     65.87% |       14544      3.11%     68.97% |       14530      3.10%     72.08% |       14531      3.10%     75.18% |       14545      3.11%     78.29% |       14541      3.11%     81.39% |       14534      3.10%     84.50% |       14529      3.10%     87.60% |       14528      3.10%     90.70% |       14503      3.10%     93.80% |       14516      3.10%     96.90% |       14515      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       468226                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        8853      3.20%      3.20% |        8710      3.14%      6.34% |        8713      3.14%      9.48% |        8654      3.12%     12.61% |        8650      3.12%     15.73% |        8632      3.12%     18.84% |        8641      3.12%     21.96% |        8649      3.12%     25.08% |        8652      3.12%     28.21% |        8690      3.14%     31.34% |        8720      3.15%     34.49% |        8667      3.13%     37.62% |        8693      3.14%     40.76% |        8655      3.12%     43.88% |        8696      3.14%     47.02% |        8625      3.11%     50.13% |        8672      3.13%     53.26% |        8646      3.12%     56.38% |        8640      3.12%     59.50% |        8614      3.11%     62.61% |        8633      3.12%     65.73% |        8652      3.12%     68.85% |        8630      3.11%     71.96% |        8599      3.10%     75.07% |        8638      3.12%     78.18% |        8676      3.13%     81.32% |        8648      3.12%     84.44% |        8593      3.10%     87.54% |        8634      3.12%     90.66% |        8656      3.12%     93.78% |        8620      3.11%     96.89% |        8615      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       277066                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       27820      3.57%      3.57% |       24282      3.12%      6.69% |       24297      3.12%      9.81% |       24221      3.11%     12.92% |       24200      3.11%     16.03% |       24188      3.11%     19.13% |       24209      3.11%     22.24% |       24216      3.11%     25.35% |       24230      3.11%     28.46% |       24277      3.12%     31.58% |       24302      3.12%     34.70% |       24244      3.11%     37.81% |       24258      3.11%     40.93% |       24228      3.11%     44.04% |       24260      3.11%     47.15% |       24187      3.11%     50.26% |       24285      3.12%     53.38% |       24226      3.11%     56.49% |       24226      3.11%     59.60% |       24196      3.11%     62.70% |       24198      3.11%     65.81% |       24242      3.11%     68.92% |       24206      3.11%     72.03% |       24176      3.10%     75.13% |       24229      3.11%     78.25% |       24263      3.12%     81.36% |       24228      3.11%     84.47% |       24168      3.10%     87.57% |       24208      3.11%     90.68% |       24205      3.11%     93.79% |       24182      3.10%     96.90% |       24176      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       778833                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       26796      3.59%      3.59% |       23258      3.12%      6.71% |       23273      3.12%      9.83% |       23197      3.11%     12.94% |       23176      3.11%     16.04% |       23164      3.10%     19.15% |       23185      3.11%     22.26% |       23192      3.11%     25.37% |       23206      3.11%     28.48% |       23253      3.12%     31.59% |       23278      3.12%     34.71% |       23220      3.11%     37.82% |       23234      3.11%     40.94% |       23204      3.11%     44.05% |       23237      3.11%     47.16% |       23163      3.10%     50.27% |       23261      3.12%     53.39% |       23202      3.11%     56.50% |       23202      3.11%     59.61% |       23172      3.11%     62.71% |       23174      3.11%     65.82% |       23218      3.11%     68.93% |       23182      3.11%     72.04% |       23152      3.10%     75.14% |       23205      3.11%     78.25% |       23239      3.11%     81.37% |       23204      3.11%     84.48% |       23144      3.10%     87.58% |       23184      3.11%     90.69% |       23181      3.11%     93.79% |       23158      3.10%     96.90% |       23152      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       746066                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          56     21.62%     21.62% |           2      0.77%     22.39% |           6      2.32%     24.71% |           5      1.93%     26.64% |           4      1.54%     28.19% |           4      1.54%     29.73% |           4      1.54%     31.27% |           5      1.93%     33.20% |           7      2.70%     35.91% |           4      1.54%     37.45% |           6      2.32%     39.77% |           4      1.54%     41.31% |           5      1.93%     43.24% |           3      1.16%     44.40% |           4      1.54%     45.95% |           3      1.16%     47.10% |           4      1.54%     48.65% |           3      1.16%     49.81% |           9      3.47%     53.28% |          10      3.86%     57.14% |          19      7.34%     64.48% |          19      7.34%     71.81% |           9      3.47%     75.29% |          10      3.86%     79.15% |           7      2.70%     81.85% |           8      3.09%     84.94% |           7      2.70%     87.64% |           9      3.47%     91.12% |           7      2.70%     93.82% |           6      2.32%     96.14% |           7      2.70%     98.84% |           3      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          259                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          29     42.03%     42.03% |           0      0.00%     42.03% |           0      0.00%     42.03% |          12     17.39%     59.42% |           0      0.00%     59.42% |           0      0.00%     59.42% |           0      0.00%     59.42% |           0      0.00%     59.42% |           0      0.00%     59.42% |           0      0.00%     59.42% |           0      0.00%     59.42% |           0      0.00%     59.42% |           0      0.00%     59.42% |           0      0.00%     59.42% |           0      0.00%     59.42% |           0      0.00%     59.42% |          11     15.94%     75.36% |           0      0.00%     75.36% |           0      0.00%     75.36% |          15     21.74%     97.10% |           0      0.00%     97.10% |           0      0.00%     97.10% |           0      0.00%     97.10% |           0      0.00%     97.10% |           0      0.00%     97.10% |           0      0.00%     97.10% |           0      0.00%     97.10% |           2      2.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           69                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          31     20.39%     20.39% |           2      1.32%     21.71% |           1      0.66%     22.37% |          18     11.84%     34.21% |           3      1.97%     36.18% |           3      1.97%     38.16% |           4      2.63%     40.79% |           3      1.97%     42.76% |           5      3.29%     46.05% |           3      1.97%     48.03% |           2      1.32%     49.34% |           2      1.32%     50.66% |           3      1.97%     52.63% |           3      1.97%     54.61% |           4      2.63%     57.24% |           3      1.97%     59.21% |          14      9.21%     68.42% |           1      0.66%     69.08% |           2      1.32%     70.39% |          15      9.87%     80.26% |           1      0.66%     80.92% |           0      0.00%     80.92% |           1      0.66%     81.58% |           2      1.32%     82.89% |           3      1.97%     84.87% |           5      3.29%     88.16% |           4      2.63%     90.79% |           5      3.29%     94.08% |           3      1.97%     96.05% |           2      1.32%     97.37% |           2      1.32%     98.68% |           2      1.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total          152                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         545      3.58%      3.58% |         474      3.12%      6.70% |         465      3.06%      9.76% |         464      3.05%     12.81% |         463      3.04%     15.85% |         457      3.01%     18.86% |         470      3.09%     21.95% |         470      3.09%     25.04% |         460      3.02%     28.07% |         461      3.03%     31.10% |         509      3.35%     34.44% |         484      3.18%     37.63% |         502      3.30%     40.93% |         478      3.14%     44.07% |         498      3.27%     47.35% |         481      3.16%     50.51% |         506      3.33%     53.84% |         487      3.20%     57.04% |         470      3.09%     60.13% |         460      3.02%     63.16% |         437      2.87%     66.03% |         483      3.18%     69.20% |         452      2.97%     72.18% |         444      2.92%     75.10% |         482      3.17%     78.27% |         499      3.28%     81.55% |         486      3.20%     84.74% |         453      2.98%     87.72% |         461      3.03%     90.75% |         474      3.12%     93.87% |         473      3.11%     96.98% |         459      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        15207                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          30     20.00%     20.00% |           2      1.33%     21.33% |           1      0.67%     22.00% |          15     10.00%     32.00% |           3      2.00%     34.00% |           3      2.00%     36.00% |           4      2.67%     38.67% |           3      2.00%     40.67% |           5      3.33%     44.00% |           3      2.00%     46.00% |           2      1.33%     47.33% |           2      1.33%     48.67% |           3      2.00%     50.67% |           3      2.00%     52.67% |           4      2.67%     55.33% |           3      2.00%     57.33% |          14      9.33%     66.67% |           1      0.67%     67.33% |           2      1.33%     68.67% |          15     10.00%     78.67% |           1      0.67%     79.33% |           0      0.00%     79.33% |           1      0.67%     80.00% |           2      1.33%     81.33% |           3      2.00%     83.33% |           5      3.33%     86.67% |           4      2.67%     89.33% |           7      4.67%     94.00% |           3      2.00%     96.00% |           2      1.33%     97.33% |           2      1.33%     98.67% |           2      1.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total          150                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       75922      7.22%      7.22% |       32867      3.13%     10.35% |       29488      2.81%     13.16% |       32401      3.08%     16.24% |       29788      2.83%     19.07% |       29679      2.82%     21.90% |       29091      2.77%     24.66% |       29699      2.83%     27.49% |       30402      2.89%     30.38% |       29990      2.85%     33.23% |       32546      3.10%     36.33% |       30868      2.94%     39.27% |       30526      2.90%     42.17% |       30305      2.88%     45.06% |       29599      2.82%     47.87% |       30194      2.87%     50.74% |       31508      3.00%     53.74% |       30317      2.88%     56.63% |       30931      2.94%     59.57% |       31642      3.01%     62.58% |       32126      3.06%     65.64% |       37031      3.52%     69.16% |       31245      2.97%     72.13% |       31250      2.97%     75.10% |       31261      2.97%     78.08% |       31240      2.97%     81.05% |       31173      2.97%     84.02% |       30882      2.94%     86.96% |       32693      3.11%     90.07% |       32156      3.06%     93.12% |       34135      3.25%     96.37% |       38127      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1051082                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         180     11.61%     11.61% |          46      2.97%     14.58% |          46      2.97%     17.55% |          46      2.97%     20.52% |          44      2.84%     23.35% |          44      2.84%     26.19% |          44      2.84%     29.03% |          44      2.84%     31.87% |          44      2.84%     34.71% |          44      2.84%     37.55% |          44      2.84%     40.39% |          44      2.84%     43.23% |          44      2.84%     46.06% |          44      2.84%     48.90% |          44      2.84%     51.74% |          44      2.84%     54.58% |          44      2.84%     57.42% |          44      2.84%     60.26% |          44      2.84%     63.10% |          44      2.84%     65.94% |          44      2.84%     68.77% |          44      2.84%     71.61% |          44      2.84%     74.45% |          44      2.84%     77.29% |          44      2.84%     80.13% |          44      2.84%     82.97% |          44      2.84%     85.81% |          44      2.84%     88.65% |          44      2.84%     91.48% |          44      2.84%     94.32% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1550                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         445      3.30%      3.30% |         421      3.12%      6.41% |         415      3.07%      9.49% |         404      2.99%     12.48% |         411      3.04%     15.52% |         401      2.97%     18.49% |         414      3.07%     21.55% |         417      3.09%     24.64% |         407      3.01%     27.66% |         416      3.08%     30.74% |         443      3.28%     34.02% |         438      3.24%     37.26% |         452      3.35%     40.61% |         429      3.18%     43.78% |         449      3.32%     47.11% |         440      3.26%     50.37% |         450      3.33%     53.70% |         440      3.26%     56.96% |         434      3.21%     60.17% |         406      3.01%     63.18% |         386      2.86%     66.03% |         408      3.02%     69.06% |         404      2.99%     72.05% |         395      2.92%     74.97% |         427      3.16%     78.13% |         447      3.31%     81.44% |         436      3.23%     84.67% |         401      2.97%     87.64% |         415      3.07%     90.71% |         427      3.16%     93.88% |         426      3.15%     97.03% |         401      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13505                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       12400      4.30%      4.30% |        8976      3.11%      7.41% |        8992      3.12%     10.52% |        8926      3.09%     13.61% |        8906      3.09%     16.70% |        8896      3.08%     19.78% |        8901      3.08%     22.87% |        8912      3.09%     25.95% |        8928      3.09%     29.05% |        8962      3.11%     32.15% |        8979      3.11%     35.26% |        8904      3.09%     38.35% |        8914      3.09%     41.44% |        8906      3.09%     44.52% |        8924      3.09%     47.62% |        8864      3.07%     50.69% |        8913      3.09%     53.77% |        8889      3.08%     56.85% |        8894      3.08%     59.94% |        8889      3.08%     63.02% |        8899      3.08%     66.10% |        8913      3.09%     69.19% |        8916      3.09%     72.28% |        8883      3.08%     75.35% |        8894      3.08%     78.44% |        8917      3.09%     81.53% |        8890      3.08%     84.61% |        8874      3.07%     87.68% |        8906      3.09%     90.77% |        8895      3.08%     93.85% |        8861      3.07%     96.92% |        8893      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       288616                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       14975      3.14%      3.14% |       14885      3.12%      6.26% |       14890      3.12%      9.39% |       14891      3.12%     12.51% |       14883      3.12%     15.63% |       14891      3.12%     18.76% |       14894      3.12%     21.88% |       14887      3.12%     25.00% |       14895      3.12%     28.13% |       14899      3.13%     31.25% |       14880      3.12%     34.37% |       14902      3.13%     37.50% |       14892      3.12%     40.62% |       14893      3.12%     43.75% |       14888      3.12%     46.87% |       14883      3.12%     49.99% |       14922      3.13%     53.12% |       14897      3.12%     56.25% |       14898      3.13%     59.37% |       14901      3.13%     62.50% |       14914      3.13%     65.63% |       14921      3.13%     68.76% |       14886      3.12%     71.88% |       14898      3.13%     75.01% |       14908      3.13%     78.13% |       14899      3.13%     81.26% |       14902      3.13%     84.38% |       14893      3.12%     87.51% |       14887      3.12%     90.63% |       14883      3.12%     93.75% |       14895      3.12%     96.88% |       14882      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       476714                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3416      3.09%      3.09% |        3372      3.05%      6.14% |        3131      2.83%      8.98% |        3095      2.80%     11.78% |        3159      2.86%     14.64% |        3642      3.30%     17.93% |        3333      3.02%     20.95% |        2861      2.59%     23.54% |        3146      2.85%     26.39% |        4724      4.28%     30.66% |        3518      3.18%     33.84% |        3378      3.06%     36.90% |        3108      2.81%     39.71% |        3896      3.53%     43.24% |        3415      3.09%     46.33% |        3297      2.98%     49.31% |        3665      3.32%     52.63% |        3712      3.36%     55.99% |        3224      2.92%     58.91% |        2966      2.68%     61.59% |        2675      2.42%     64.01% |        3293      2.98%     66.99% |        3073      2.78%     69.77% |        2954      2.67%     72.45% |        3204      2.90%     75.35% |        3245      2.94%     78.28% |        2803      2.54%     80.82% |        4211      3.81%     84.63% |        3552      3.21%     87.85% |        4776      4.32%     92.17% |        4640      4.20%     96.37% |        4013      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110497                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1562     81.99%     81.99% |          12      0.63%     82.62% |          13      0.68%     83.31% |          24      1.26%     84.57% |          13      0.68%     85.25% |          82      4.30%     89.55% |          22      1.15%     90.71% |           8      0.42%     91.13% |           7      0.37%     91.50% |           0      0.00%     91.50% |          15      0.79%     92.28% |           3      0.16%     92.44% |           3      0.16%     92.60% |           3      0.16%     92.76% |          20      1.05%     93.81% |           2      0.10%     93.91% |           6      0.31%     94.23% |           5      0.26%     94.49% |          65      3.41%     97.90% |           3      0.16%     98.06% |           0      0.00%     98.06% |           5      0.26%     98.32% |           2      0.10%     98.43% |           2      0.10%     98.53% |           5      0.26%     98.79% |           8      0.42%     99.21% |           3      0.16%     99.37% |           3      0.16%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           1      0.05%     99.58% |           8      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         1905                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           1      3.85%     34.62% |           2      7.69%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           4     15.38%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           1      3.85%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           1      3.85%     69.23% |           3     11.54%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          10      7.87%      7.87% |           3      2.36%     10.24% |           2      1.57%     11.81% |          10      7.87%     19.69% |           3      2.36%     22.05% |           5      3.94%     25.98% |           6      4.72%     30.71% |           3      2.36%     33.07% |           5      3.94%     37.01% |           3      2.36%     39.37% |           2      1.57%     40.94% |           2      1.57%     42.52% |           4      3.15%     45.67% |           3      2.36%     48.03% |           5      3.94%     51.97% |           3      2.36%     54.33% |          13     10.24%     64.57% |           1      0.79%     65.35% |           3      2.36%     67.72% |           7      5.51%     73.23% |           1      0.79%     74.02% |           0      0.00%     74.02% |           1      0.79%     74.80% |           2      1.57%     76.38% |           4      3.15%     79.53% |           5      3.94%     83.46% |           5      3.94%     87.40% |           6      4.72%     92.13% |           3      2.36%     94.49% |           2      1.57%     96.06% |           2      1.57%     97.64% |           3      2.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total          127                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         466      3.45%      3.45% |         421      3.11%      6.56% |         412      3.05%      9.61% |         409      3.02%     12.63% |         412      3.05%     15.68% |         402      2.97%     18.65% |         417      3.08%     21.73% |         416      3.08%     24.81% |         407      3.01%     27.82% |         414      3.06%     30.88% |         445      3.29%     34.17% |         438      3.24%     37.41% |         449      3.32%     40.73% |         428      3.16%     43.90% |         448      3.31%     47.21% |         438      3.24%     50.45% |         449      3.32%     53.77% |         439      3.25%     57.01% |         432      3.19%     60.21% |         410      3.03%     63.24% |         385      2.85%     66.09% |         406      3.00%     69.09% |         404      2.99%     72.08% |         398      2.94%     75.02% |         430      3.18%     78.20% |         449      3.32%     81.52% |         436      3.22%     84.74% |         400      2.96%     87.70% |         413      3.05%     90.76% |         425      3.14%     93.90% |         423      3.13%     97.03% |         402      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13523                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.30%      4.30% |           8      8.60%     12.90% |           2      2.15%     15.05% |           5      5.38%     20.43% |           2      2.15%     22.58% |           5      5.38%     27.96% |           6      6.45%     34.41% |           0      0.00%     34.41% |           3      3.23%     37.63% |           0      0.00%     37.63% |           2      2.15%     39.78% |           2      2.15%     41.94% |           3      3.23%     45.16% |           0      0.00%     45.16% |           4      4.30%     49.46% |           0      0.00%     49.46% |           1      1.08%     50.54% |           3      3.23%     53.76% |          15     16.13%     69.89% |           3      3.23%     73.12% |           1      1.08%     74.19% |           1      1.08%     75.27% |           2      2.15%     77.42% |           3      3.23%     80.65% |           5      5.38%     86.02% |           2      2.15%     88.17% |           4      4.30%     92.47% |           3      3.23%     95.70% |           1      1.08%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           1      1.08%     97.85% |           2      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           93                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       41091     23.36%     23.36% |        4902      2.79%     26.15% |        3695      2.10%     28.25% |        4657      2.65%     30.90% |        3903      2.22%     33.12% |        3710      2.11%     35.23% |        3366      1.91%     37.14% |        3634      2.07%     39.21% |        4002      2.28%     41.48% |        3849      2.19%     43.67% |        5959      3.39%     47.06% |        4394      2.50%     49.56% |        3933      2.24%     51.79% |        3911      2.22%     54.02% |        3250      1.85%     55.87% |        3711      2.11%     57.98% |        4745      2.70%     60.67% |        3835      2.18%     62.85% |        4134      2.35%     65.20% |        4241      2.41%     67.62% |        4764      2.71%     70.32% |        7882      4.48%     74.81% |        3852      2.19%     77.00% |        4037      2.30%     79.29% |        3960      2.25%     81.54% |        4071      2.31%     83.86% |        3631      2.06%     85.92% |        3361      1.91%     87.83% |        4348      2.47%     90.30% |        3723      2.12%     92.42% |        4737      2.69%     95.11% |        8592      4.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       175880                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        7402      6.74%      6.74% |        4098      3.73%     10.48% |        1909      1.74%     12.22% |        3924      3.58%     15.79% |        2096      1.91%     17.70% |        2182      1.99%     19.69% |        1930      1.76%     21.45% |        2266      2.06%     23.51% |        2576      2.35%     25.86% |        2280      2.08%     27.94% |        2728      2.49%     30.42% |        2667      2.43%     32.85% |        2783      2.54%     35.39% |        2595      2.36%     37.75% |        2535      2.31%     40.06% |        2736      2.49%     42.55% |        2913      2.65%     45.21% |        2694      2.45%     47.66% |        2992      2.73%     50.39% |        3608      3.29%     53.68% |        3549      3.23%     56.91% |        5315      4.84%     61.75% |        3591      3.27%     65.02% |        3432      3.13%     68.15% |        3498      3.19%     71.34% |        3353      3.05%     74.39% |        3747      3.41%     77.81% |        3750      3.42%     81.22% |        4552      4.15%     85.37% |        4655      4.24%     89.61% |        5642      5.14%     94.75% |        5760      5.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       109758                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       17840      3.81%      3.81% |       14519      3.10%      6.91% |       14531      3.10%     10.02% |       14508      3.10%     13.12% |       14499      3.10%     16.22% |       14503      3.10%     19.32% |       14513      3.10%     22.42% |       14516      3.10%     25.52% |       14526      3.10%     28.62% |       14536      3.11%     31.73% |       14530      3.10%     34.83% |       14527      3.10%     37.94% |       14514      3.10%     41.04% |       14523      3.10%     44.14% |       14513      3.10%     47.24% |       14512      3.10%     50.34% |       14552      3.11%     53.45% |       14531      3.10%     56.56% |       14534      3.11%     59.66% |       14527      3.10%     62.76% |       14517      3.10%     65.87% |       14540      3.11%     68.97% |       14526      3.10%     72.08% |       14528      3.10%     75.18% |       14539      3.11%     78.29% |       14533      3.11%     81.39% |       14526      3.10%     84.50% |       14521      3.10%     87.60% |       14521      3.10%     90.70% |       14497      3.10%     93.80% |       14511      3.10%     96.90% |       14509      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       468022                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        8321      3.18%      3.18% |        8242      3.15%      6.32% |        8249      3.15%      9.47% |        8200      3.13%     12.60% |        8191      3.13%     15.73% |        8181      3.12%     18.85% |        8180      3.12%     21.98% |        8183      3.12%     25.10% |        8196      3.13%     28.23% |        8233      3.14%     31.37% |        8213      3.14%     34.51% |        8185      3.12%     37.63% |        8194      3.13%     40.76% |        8181      3.12%     43.88% |        8204      3.13%     47.02% |        8148      3.11%     50.13% |        8180      3.12%     53.25% |        8160      3.12%     56.36% |        8169      3.12%     59.48% |        8153      3.11%     62.60% |        8181      3.12%     65.72% |        8154      3.11%     68.83% |        8174      3.12%     71.95% |        8151      3.11%     75.06% |        8158      3.11%     78.18% |        8182      3.12%     81.30% |        8167      3.12%     84.42% |        8144      3.11%     87.53% |        8176      3.12%     90.65% |        8184      3.12%     93.77% |        8147      3.11%     96.88% |        8161      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       261942                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          30     20.00%     20.00% |           2      1.33%     21.33% |           1      0.67%     22.00% |          15     10.00%     32.00% |           3      2.00%     34.00% |           3      2.00%     36.00% |           4      2.67%     38.67% |           3      2.00%     40.67% |           5      3.33%     44.00% |           3      2.00%     46.00% |           2      1.33%     47.33% |           2      1.33%     48.67% |           3      2.00%     50.67% |           3      2.00%     52.67% |           4      2.67%     55.33% |           3      2.00%     57.33% |          14      9.33%     66.67% |           1      0.67%     67.33% |           2      1.33%     68.67% |          15     10.00%     78.67% |           1      0.67%     79.33% |           0      0.00%     79.33% |           1      0.67%     80.00% |           2      1.33%     81.33% |           3      2.00%     83.33% |           5      3.33%     86.67% |           4      2.67%     89.33% |           7      4.67%     94.00% |           3      2.00%     96.00% |           2      1.33%     97.33% |           2      1.33%     98.67% |           2      1.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total          150                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          52     78.79%     78.79% |           0      0.00%     78.79% |           0      0.00%     78.79% |           0      0.00%     78.79% |           0      0.00%     78.79% |           0      0.00%     78.79% |           0      0.00%     78.79% |           0      0.00%     78.79% |           0      0.00%     78.79% |           0      0.00%     78.79% |           0      0.00%     78.79% |           0      0.00%     78.79% |           0      0.00%     78.79% |           0      0.00%     78.79% |           0      0.00%     78.79% |           0      0.00%     78.79% |          14     21.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           66                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       75582      7.23%      7.23% |       32683      3.13%     10.36% |       29299      2.80%     13.16% |       32205      3.08%     16.25% |       29605      2.83%     19.08% |       29494      2.82%     21.90% |       28910      2.77%     24.67% |       29512      2.82%     27.49% |       30215      2.89%     30.39% |       29810      2.85%     33.24% |       32346      3.10%     36.33% |       30690      2.94%     39.27% |       30342      2.90%     42.17% |       30125      2.88%     45.06% |       29419      2.82%     47.87% |       30020      2.87%     50.75% |       31304      3.00%     53.74% |       30136      2.88%     56.63% |       30757      2.94%     59.57% |       31444      3.01%     62.58% |       31925      3.06%     65.63% |       36802      3.52%     69.15% |       31058      2.97%     72.13% |       31065      2.97%     75.10% |       31075      2.97%     78.07% |       31057      2.97%     81.05% |       30990      2.97%     84.01% |       30694      2.94%     86.95% |       32511      3.11%     90.06% |       31973      3.06%     93.12% |       33950      3.25%     96.37% |       37940      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1044938                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      3.90%      3.90% |           3      3.90%      7.79% |           4      5.19%     12.99% |           2      2.60%     15.58% |           2      2.60%     18.18% |           2      2.60%     20.78% |           3      3.90%     24.68% |           2      2.60%     27.27% |           1      1.30%     28.57% |           2      2.60%     31.17% |           4      5.19%     36.36% |           2      2.60%     38.96% |           1      1.30%     40.26% |           1      1.30%     41.56% |           1      1.30%     42.86% |           1      1.30%     44.16% |           2      2.60%     46.75% |           2      2.60%     49.35% |           3      3.90%     53.25% |           2      2.60%     55.84% |           2      2.60%     58.44% |           4      5.19%     63.64% |           3      3.90%     67.53% |           1      1.30%     68.83% |           2      2.60%     71.43% |           3      3.90%     75.32% |           3      3.90%     79.22% |           2      2.60%     81.82% |           4      5.19%     87.01% |           4      5.19%     92.21% |           3      3.90%     96.10% |           3      3.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           77                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          66      4.12%      4.12% |          47      2.94%      7.06% |          52      3.25%     10.31% |          45      2.81%     13.12% |          47      2.94%     16.05% |          49      3.06%     19.11% |          44      2.75%     21.86% |          50      3.12%     24.98% |          49      3.06%     28.04% |          43      2.69%     30.73% |          62      3.87%     34.60% |          44      2.75%     37.35% |          50      3.12%     40.47% |          46      2.87%     43.35% |          44      2.75%     46.10% |          39      2.44%     48.53% |          43      2.69%     51.22% |          47      2.94%     54.15% |          39      2.44%     56.59% |          51      3.19%     59.78% |          67      4.18%     63.96% |          92      5.75%     69.71% |          52      3.25%     72.95% |          50      3.12%     76.08% |          50      3.12%     79.20% |          45      2.81%     82.01% |          45      2.81%     84.82% |          49      3.06%     87.88% |          45      2.81%     90.69% |          47      2.94%     93.63% |          50      3.12%     96.75% |          52      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1601                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.63%      2.63% |           0      0.00%      2.63% |           0      0.00%      2.63% |           0      0.00%      2.63% |           2      5.26%      7.89% |           0      0.00%      7.89% |           0      0.00%      7.89% |           0      0.00%      7.89% |           0      0.00%      7.89% |           2      5.26%     13.16% |           0      0.00%     13.16% |           0      0.00%     13.16% |           8     21.05%     34.21% |           0      0.00%     34.21% |           0      0.00%     34.21% |           0      0.00%     34.21% |           0      0.00%     34.21% |           0      0.00%     34.21% |           0      0.00%     34.21% |           0      0.00%     34.21% |           0      0.00%     34.21% |           9     23.68%     57.89% |          10     26.32%     84.21% |           6     15.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           38                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1      8.33%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      8.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      8.33%     41.67% |           7     58.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          14     93.33%     93.33% |           1      6.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           15                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       26796      3.59%      3.59% |       23258      3.12%      6.71% |       23273      3.12%      9.83% |       23197      3.11%     12.94% |       23176      3.11%     16.04% |       23164      3.10%     19.15% |       23185      3.11%     22.26% |       23192      3.11%     25.37% |       23206      3.11%     28.48% |       23253      3.12%     31.59% |       23278      3.12%     34.71% |       23220      3.11%     37.82% |       23234      3.11%     40.94% |       23204      3.11%     44.05% |       23237      3.11%     47.16% |       23163      3.10%     50.27% |       23261      3.12%     53.39% |       23202      3.11%     56.50% |       23202      3.11%     59.61% |       23172      3.11%     62.71% |       23174      3.11%     65.82% |       23218      3.11%     68.93% |       23182      3.11%     72.04% |       23152      3.10%     75.14% |       23205      3.11%     78.25% |       23239      3.11%     81.37% |       23204      3.11%     84.48% |       23144      3.10%     87.58% |       23184      3.11%     90.69% |       23181      3.11%     93.79% |       23158      3.10%     96.90% |       23152      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       746066                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          54     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      1.23%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           1      1.23%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           1      1.23%     70.37% |           2      2.47%     72.84% |           2      2.47%     75.31% |           1      1.23%     76.54% |           2      2.47%     79.01% |           2      2.47%     81.48% |           1      1.23%     82.72% |           2      2.47%     85.19% |           1      1.23%     86.42% |           2      2.47%     88.89% |           2      2.47%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           4      7.55%      7.55% |           3      5.66%     13.21% |           3      5.66%     18.87% |           2      3.77%     22.64% |           2      3.77%     26.42% |           2      3.77%     30.19% |           3      5.66%     35.85% |           3      5.66%     41.51% |           1      1.89%     43.40% |           2      3.77%     47.17% |           3      5.66%     52.83% |           2      3.77%     56.60% |           1      1.89%     58.49% |           1      1.89%     60.38% |           1      1.89%     62.26% |           1      1.89%     64.15% |           2      3.77%     67.92% |           1      1.89%     69.81% |           1      1.89%     71.70% |           0      0.00%     71.70% |           1      1.89%     73.58% |           2      3.77%     77.36% |           1      1.89%     79.25% |           1      1.89%     81.13% |           0      0.00%     81.13% |           2      3.77%     84.91% |           1      1.89%     86.79% |           0      0.00%     86.79% |           1      1.89%     88.68% |           2      3.77%     92.45% |           1      1.89%     94.34% |           3      5.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           53                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           1      1.03%      1.03% |           0      0.00%      1.03% |           4      4.12%      5.15% |           2      2.06%      7.22% |           1      1.03%      8.25% |           1      1.03%      9.28% |           0      0.00%      9.28% |           2      2.06%     11.34% |           2      2.06%     13.40% |           1      1.03%     14.43% |           3      3.09%     17.53% |           2      2.06%     19.59% |           2      2.06%     21.65% |           0      0.00%     21.65% |           0      0.00%     21.65% |           0      0.00%     21.65% |           1      1.03%     22.68% |           1      1.03%     23.71% |           5      5.15%     28.87% |           8      8.25%     37.11% |          17     17.53%     54.64% |          17     17.53%     72.16% |           6      6.19%     78.35% |           7      7.22%     85.57% |           2      2.06%     87.63% |           2      2.06%     89.69% |           1      1.03%     90.72% |           2      2.06%     92.78% |           1      1.03%     93.81% |           2      2.06%     95.88% |           3      3.09%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          65      4.32%      4.32% |          47      3.12%      7.45% |          48      3.19%     10.64% |          43      2.86%     13.50% |          46      3.06%     16.56% |          48      3.19%     19.75% |          44      2.93%     22.67% |          48      3.19%     25.86% |          47      3.12%     28.99% |          42      2.79%     31.78% |          59      3.92%     35.70% |          42      2.79%     38.50% |          48      3.19%     41.69% |          46      3.06%     44.75% |          44      2.93%     47.67% |          39      2.59%     50.27% |          42      2.79%     53.06% |          46      3.06%     56.12% |          34      2.26%     58.38% |          43      2.86%     61.24% |          50      3.32%     64.56% |          75      4.99%     69.55% |          46      3.06%     72.61% |          43      2.86%     75.47% |          48      3.19%     78.66% |          43      2.86%     81.52% |          44      2.93%     84.44% |          47      3.12%     87.57% |          44      2.93%     90.49% |          45      2.99%     93.48% |          47      3.12%     96.61% |          51      3.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1504                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          21     58.33%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           6     16.67%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1      2.78%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           8     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           36                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         466      3.45%      3.45% |         421      3.11%      6.56% |         412      3.05%      9.61% |         409      3.02%     12.63% |         412      3.05%     15.68% |         402      2.97%     18.65% |         417      3.08%     21.73% |         416      3.08%     24.81% |         407      3.01%     27.82% |         414      3.06%     30.88% |         445      3.29%     34.17% |         438      3.24%     37.41% |         449      3.32%     40.73% |         428      3.16%     43.90% |         448      3.31%     47.21% |         438      3.24%     50.45% |         449      3.32%     53.77% |         439      3.25%     57.01% |         432      3.19%     60.21% |         410      3.03%     63.24% |         385      2.85%     66.09% |         406      3.00%     69.09% |         404      2.99%     72.08% |         398      2.94%     75.02% |         430      3.18%     78.20% |         449      3.32%     81.52% |         436      3.22%     84.74% |         400      2.96%     87.70% |         413      3.05%     90.76% |         425      3.14%     93.90% |         423      3.13%     97.03% |         402      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13523                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          10      8.62%      8.62% |           2      1.72%     10.34% |           1      0.86%     11.21% |          12     10.34%     21.55% |           3      2.59%     24.14% |           3      2.59%     26.72% |           4      3.45%     30.17% |           3      2.59%     32.76% |           5      4.31%     37.07% |           3      2.59%     39.66% |           2      1.72%     41.38% |           2      1.72%     43.10% |           3      2.59%     45.69% |           3      2.59%     48.28% |           4      3.45%     51.72% |           3      2.59%     54.31% |          13     11.21%     65.52% |           1      0.86%     66.38% |           2      1.72%     68.10% |           7      6.03%     74.14% |           1      0.86%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1      0.86%     75.86% |           2      1.72%     77.59% |           3      2.59%     80.17% |           5      4.31%     84.48% |           4      3.45%     87.93% |           5      4.31%     92.24% |           3      2.59%     94.83% |           2      1.72%     96.55% |           2      1.72%     98.28% |           2      1.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          116                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          10      7.87%      7.87% |           3      2.36%     10.24% |           2      1.57%     11.81% |          10      7.87%     19.69% |           3      2.36%     22.05% |           5      3.94%     25.98% |           6      4.72%     30.71% |           3      2.36%     33.07% |           5      3.94%     37.01% |           3      2.36%     39.37% |           2      1.57%     40.94% |           2      1.57%     42.52% |           4      3.15%     45.67% |           3      2.36%     48.03% |           5      3.94%     51.97% |           3      2.36%     54.33% |          13     10.24%     64.57% |           1      0.79%     65.35% |           3      2.36%     67.72% |           7      5.51%     73.23% |           1      0.79%     74.02% |           0      0.00%     74.02% |           1      0.79%     74.80% |           2      1.57%     76.38% |           4      3.15%     79.53% |           5      3.94%     83.46% |           5      3.94%     87.40% |           6      4.72%     92.13% |           3      2.36%     94.49% |           2      1.57%     96.06% |           2      1.57%     97.64% |           3      2.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total          127                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       12399      4.30%      4.30% |        8976      3.11%      7.41% |        8992      3.12%     10.52% |        8926      3.09%     13.61% |        8906      3.09%     16.70% |        8896      3.08%     19.78% |        8901      3.08%     22.87% |        8912      3.09%     25.95% |        8928      3.09%     29.05% |        8962      3.11%     32.15% |        8979      3.11%     35.26% |        8904      3.09%     38.35% |        8914      3.09%     41.44% |        8906      3.09%     44.52% |        8924      3.09%     47.62% |        8864      3.07%     50.69% |        8913      3.09%     53.77% |        8889      3.08%     56.85% |        8894      3.08%     59.94% |        8889      3.08%     63.02% |        8899      3.08%     66.10% |        8913      3.09%     69.19% |        8916      3.09%     72.28% |        8883      3.08%     75.35% |        8894      3.08%     78.44% |        8917      3.09%     81.53% |        8890      3.08%     84.61% |        8874      3.07%     87.68% |        8906      3.09%     90.77% |        8895      3.08%     93.85% |        8861      3.07%     96.92% |        8893      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       288615                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         446      3.30%      3.30% |         421      3.12%      6.42% |         415      3.07%      9.49% |         404      2.99%     12.49% |         411      3.04%     15.53% |         401      2.97%     18.50% |         414      3.07%     21.56% |         417      3.09%     24.65% |         407      3.01%     27.67% |         416      3.08%     30.75% |         443      3.28%     34.03% |         438      3.24%     37.27% |         452      3.35%     40.62% |         429      3.18%     43.79% |         448      3.32%     47.11% |         440      3.26%     50.37% |         450      3.33%     53.70% |         440      3.26%     56.96% |         434      3.21%     60.17% |         406      3.01%     63.18% |         385      2.85%     66.03% |         408      3.02%     69.05% |         404      2.99%     72.05% |         395      2.93%     74.97% |         427      3.16%     78.13% |         447      3.31%     81.44% |         436      3.23%     84.67% |         401      2.97%     87.64% |         415      3.07%     90.71% |         427      3.16%     93.88% |         426      3.15%     97.03% |         401      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13504                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       14975      3.14%      3.14% |       14885      3.12%      6.26% |       14890      3.12%      9.39% |       14891      3.12%     12.51% |       14883      3.12%     15.63% |       14891      3.12%     18.76% |       14894      3.12%     21.88% |       14887      3.12%     25.00% |       14895      3.12%     28.13% |       14899      3.13%     31.25% |       14880      3.12%     34.37% |       14902      3.13%     37.50% |       14892      3.12%     40.62% |       14893      3.12%     43.75% |       14888      3.12%     46.87% |       14883      3.12%     49.99% |       14922      3.13%     53.12% |       14897      3.12%     56.25% |       14898      3.13%     59.37% |       14901      3.13%     62.50% |       14914      3.13%     65.63% |       14921      3.13%     68.76% |       14886      3.12%     71.88% |       14898      3.13%     75.01% |       14908      3.13%     78.13% |       14899      3.13%     81.26% |       14902      3.13%     84.38% |       14893      3.12%     87.51% |       14887      3.12%     90.63% |       14883      3.12%     93.75% |       14895      3.12%     96.88% |       14882      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       476714                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.12%      6.12% |           6     12.24%     18.37% |           2      4.08%     22.45% |           3      6.12%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      2.04%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           1      2.04%     32.65% |           4      8.16%     40.82% |           0      0.00%     40.82% |           2      4.08%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           1      2.04%     46.94% |           2      4.08%     51.02% |          13     26.53%     77.55% |           3      6.12%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           1      2.04%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           3      6.12%     91.84% |           4      8.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           49                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       75919      7.22%      7.22% |       32861      3.13%     10.35% |       29486      2.81%     13.16% |       32398      3.08%     16.24% |       29788      2.83%     19.07% |       29679      2.82%     21.90% |       29091      2.77%     24.66% |       29699      2.83%     27.49% |       30401      2.89%     30.38% |       29990      2.85%     33.24% |       32546      3.10%     36.33% |       30867      2.94%     39.27% |       30522      2.90%     42.17% |       30305      2.88%     45.06% |       29597      2.82%     47.87% |       30194      2.87%     50.74% |       31507      3.00%     53.74% |       30315      2.88%     56.63% |       30918      2.94%     59.57% |       31639      3.01%     62.58% |       32126      3.06%     65.64% |       37031      3.52%     69.16% |       31245      2.97%     72.13% |       31250      2.97%     75.10% |       31260      2.97%     78.08% |       31240      2.97%     81.05% |       31170      2.97%     84.02% |       30878      2.94%     86.95% |       32693      3.11%     90.07% |       32156      3.06%     93.12% |       34135      3.25%     96.37% |       38127      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1051033                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           1      1.28%      1.28% |           2      2.56%      3.85% |           1      1.28%      5.13% |           3      3.85%      8.97% |           3      3.85%     12.82% |           3      3.85%     16.67% |           4      5.13%     21.79% |           3      3.85%     25.64% |           4      5.13%     30.77% |           3      3.85%     34.62% |           2      2.56%     37.18% |           2      2.56%     39.74% |           3      3.85%     43.59% |           3      3.85%     47.44% |           4      5.13%     52.56% |           3      3.85%     56.41% |           3      3.85%     60.26% |           1      1.28%     61.54% |           2      2.56%     64.10% |           0      0.00%     64.10% |           1      1.28%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           1      1.28%     66.67% |           2      2.56%     69.23% |           3      3.85%     73.08% |           5      6.41%     79.49% |           3      3.85%     83.33% |           4      5.13%     88.46% |           3      3.85%     92.31% |           2      2.56%     94.87% |           2      2.56%     97.44% |           2      2.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          29     42.65%     42.65% |           0      0.00%     42.65% |           0      0.00%     42.65% |          12     17.65%     60.29% |           0      0.00%     60.29% |           0      0.00%     60.29% |           0      0.00%     60.29% |           0      0.00%     60.29% |           0      0.00%     60.29% |           0      0.00%     60.29% |           0      0.00%     60.29% |           0      0.00%     60.29% |           0      0.00%     60.29% |           0      0.00%     60.29% |           0      0.00%     60.29% |           0      0.00%     60.29% |          10     14.71%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |          15     22.06%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           2      2.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           68                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          30     20.55%     20.55% |           2      1.37%     21.92% |           1      0.68%     22.60% |          15     10.27%     32.88% |           3      2.05%     34.93% |           3      2.05%     36.99% |           4      2.74%     39.73% |           3      2.05%     41.78% |           4      2.74%     44.52% |           3      2.05%     46.58% |           2      1.37%     47.95% |           2      1.37%     49.32% |           3      2.05%     51.37% |           3      2.05%     53.42% |           4      2.74%     56.16% |           3      2.05%     58.22% |          13      8.90%     67.12% |           1      0.68%     67.81% |           2      1.37%     69.18% |          15     10.27%     79.45% |           1      0.68%     80.14% |           0      0.00%     80.14% |           1      0.68%     80.82% |           2      1.37%     82.19% |           3      2.05%     84.25% |           5      3.42%     87.67% |           3      2.05%     89.73% |           6      4.11%     93.84% |           3      2.05%     95.89% |           2      1.37%     97.26% |           2      1.37%     98.63% |           2      1.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total          146                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       47649     16.18%     16.18% |      147274     50.00%     66.18% |       12340      4.19%     70.37% |       13506      4.59%     74.95% |       12189      4.14%     79.09% |       13398      4.55%     83.64% |       12342      4.19%     87.83% |       13539      4.60%     92.43% |       10768      3.66%     96.08% |       11543      3.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       294548                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       47649     16.18%     16.18% |      147274     50.00%     66.18% |       12340      4.19%     70.37% |       13506      4.59%     74.95% |       12189      4.14%     79.09% |       13398      4.55%     83.64% |       12342      4.19%     87.83% |       13539      4.60%     92.43% |       10768      3.66%     96.08% |       11543      3.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       294548                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       47649     16.18%     16.18% |      147274     50.00%     66.18% |       12340      4.19%     70.37% |       13506      4.59%     74.95% |       12189      4.14%     79.09% |       13398      4.55%     83.64% |       12342      4.19%     87.83% |       13539      4.60%     92.43% |       10768      3.66%     96.08% |       11543      3.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       294548                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       47649     16.18%     16.18% |      147274     50.00%     66.18% |       12340      4.19%     70.37% |       13506      4.59%     74.95% |       12189      4.14%     79.09% |       13398      4.55%     83.64% |       12342      4.19%     87.83% |       13539      4.60%     92.43% |       10768      3.66%     96.08% |       11543      3.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       294548                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
