
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.130760                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                130760366500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5306928445000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  32831                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    56670                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              100338721                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3748580                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1303.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    42784529                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      73851863                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21548928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21548928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     13566016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       13566016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       336702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             336702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       211969                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            211969                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    164797091                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            164797091                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    103747155                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           103747155                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    268544246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           268544246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     336702                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    211969                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   336702                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  211969                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21547840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               13565952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21548928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            13566016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            21489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            21082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            21240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            21209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            21116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           21256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            13288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            13242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            13177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            13390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            13216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            13361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            13270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            13456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            13169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            13389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           13187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           13126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           13103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           13091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           13358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           13145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    79660                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     2886                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 130759824000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               336702                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              211969                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 175848                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5473                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   2935                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1770                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   2026                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   2271                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   2525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   2794                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   2848                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   2955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  2939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  2860                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  2876                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  2835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  2817                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  2784                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  2904                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  2753                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  2694                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  2591                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  2417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  2394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  2229                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  2280                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  2255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  2229                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  2246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  2251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  2207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  2212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  2265                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 82202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  37722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  38783                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  39281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  39463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  39304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   5452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   5701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   6263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       165606                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   212.023236                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   157.976045                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   169.935585                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        59290     35.80%     35.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        36365     21.96%     57.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53881     32.54%     90.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6185      3.73%     94.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4709      2.84%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1949      1.18%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1096      0.66%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          832      0.50%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1299      0.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       165606                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37970                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.867079                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    23.791473                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        37956     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           13      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        37970                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37970                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.582513                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.400006                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.863610                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34682     91.34%     91.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2149      5.66%     97.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          746      1.96%     98.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          393      1.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        37970                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 31875039348                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            38187883098                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1683425000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    94673.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              113423.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      164.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      103.75                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   164.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   103.75                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.26                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  248242                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 134793                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                73.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               63.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    238321.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28041392250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4366180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    98347203500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              632265480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              619602480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              344986125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              338076750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1320922200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1304659200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            689452560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            683957520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         8540248080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         8540248080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        49741325595                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        49309076070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        34820115750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        35199282000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          96089315790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          95994902100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          734.881957                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          734.159890                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20828160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20828160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12920000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       12920000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       325440                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             325440                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       201875                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            201875                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    159284962                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            159284962                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     98806698                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            98806698                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    258091660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           258091660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     325440                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    201875                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   325440                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  201875                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20827200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               12919744                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20828160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            12920000                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            20059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           20047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           20131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            12659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            12635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            12548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            12763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            12596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            12743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            12625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            12819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            12532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            12745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           12565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           12491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           12485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           12462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           12683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           12520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    61171                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     3037                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 130759542500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               325440                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              201875                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 171394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   2253                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   2044                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   2361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   2794                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   3158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   3411                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   3652                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   3811                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   3823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  3785                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  3687                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  3716                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  3776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  3623                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  3433                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  3247                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  3089                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  3046                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  2875                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  2932                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  2894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  2708                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  2744                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  2734                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  2497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  2470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  2405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  2354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  2405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  2451                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 63853                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  35934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  36853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  37165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  37309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  37528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   5108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   5552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   6426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       138577                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   243.513310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.675344                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   174.050392                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        30462     21.98%     21.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        37198     26.84%     48.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53831     38.85%     87.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5917      4.27%     91.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5401      3.90%     95.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2155      1.56%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1198      0.86%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          904      0.65%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1511      1.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       138577                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.990579                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.678253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36176     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           16      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        36194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.577471                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.386535                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.921003                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          33023     91.24%     91.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1995      5.51%     96.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          746      2.06%     98.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          430      1.19%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        36194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 28203186498                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            34304905248                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1627125000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    86665.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              105415.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      159.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       98.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   159.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    98.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  248499                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 140212                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                76.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               69.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    247972.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   73.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28549341000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4366180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    97839250750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              531044640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              516514320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              289756500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              281828250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1278022200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1259762400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            656981280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            650974320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         8540248080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         8540248080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        49179865050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        48239565975                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        35312622750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        36137446500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          95788540500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          95626339845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          732.581677                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          731.341182                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20827392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20827392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12920512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       12920512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       325428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             325428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       201883                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            201883                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    159279089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            159279089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     98810613                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            98810613                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    258089702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           258089702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     325428                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    201883                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   325428                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  201883                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20826432                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               12920448                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20827392                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            12920512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            20056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           20065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           20125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            12655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            12634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            12544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            12771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            12597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            12728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            12633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            12815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            12516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            12751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           12562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           12505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           12493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           12455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           12690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           12533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    59858                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     3118                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 130760276500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               325428                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              201883                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 171577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   2115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   2079                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   2345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   2796                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   3164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   3394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   3515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   3757                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   3813                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  3941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  3800                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  3724                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  3590                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  3541                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  3406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  3331                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  3263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  3239                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  3117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  2916                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  2886                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  2811                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  2759                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  2601                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  2660                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  2567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  2521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  2427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  2423                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  2566                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 62769                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  35898                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  36794                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  37150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  37355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  37496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   5155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   5495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   6540                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       138101                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   244.353104                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.415516                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   173.832038                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        30486     22.08%     22.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        35942     26.03%     48.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        54543     39.50%     87.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5892      4.27%     91.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5612      4.06%     95.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2092      1.51%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1131      0.82%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          838      0.61%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1565      1.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       138101                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36188                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.992097                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.746188                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36170     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           16      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        36188                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36188                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.578700                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.386882                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.925426                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32981     91.14%     91.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1994      5.51%     96.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          769      2.13%     98.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          444      1.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        36188                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 28100214991                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            34201708741                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1627065000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    86352.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              105102.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      159.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       98.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   159.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    98.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  248661                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 140525                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                76.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               69.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    247975.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   73.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28404044500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4366180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    97984545500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              529729200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              514216080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              289038750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              280574250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1277881800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1259793600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            656903520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            651129840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         8540248080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         8540248080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        48911692590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        47984197140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        35547860250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        36361452750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          95753354190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          95591611740                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          732.312590                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          731.075599                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20806656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20806656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12919296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       12919296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       325104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             325104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       201864                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            201864                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    159120508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            159120508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     98801314                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            98801314                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    257921822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           257921822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     325104                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    201864                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   325104                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  201864                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20805824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               12919232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20806656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            12919296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            20050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           20010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           20153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            12662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            12624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            12552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            12761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            12597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            12730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            12629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            12809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            12513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            12754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           12562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           12511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           12489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           12460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           12696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           12514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    59978                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     3062                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 130759546000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               325104                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              201864                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 171196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   2136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   2079                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   2404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   2824                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   3229                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   3462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   3703                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   3849                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   3906                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  3961                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  3821                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  3704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  3630                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  3754                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  3586                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  3411                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  3351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  3268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  3172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  3019                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  2835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  2691                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  2581                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  2524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  2434                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  2327                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  2394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  2344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  2361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  2379                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 62756                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  35915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  36815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  37109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  37400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  37460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   5183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   5498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   6484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       137185                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   245.824660                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   192.860292                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   174.184523                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        29736     21.68%     21.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        35859     26.14%     47.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        54353     39.62%     87.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6004      4.38%     91.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5522      4.03%     95.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2135      1.56%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1166      0.85%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          854      0.62%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1556      1.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       137185                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36184                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.984247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.163846                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36164     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           17      0.05%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        36184                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36184                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.578792                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.387898                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.918058                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32988     91.17%     91.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2023      5.59%     96.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          748      2.07%     98.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          425      1.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        36184                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 28067568166                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            34163024416                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1625455000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    86337.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              105087.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      159.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       98.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   159.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    98.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  248623                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 141139                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                76.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               69.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    248135.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   73.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27931607250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4366180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    98456982750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              524913480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              512114400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              286411125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              279427500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1276041000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1259122800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            656806320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            651078000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         8540248080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         8540248080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        48686218830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        47939244660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        35745644250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        36400884750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          95716283085                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          95582120190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          732.029074                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          731.003008                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          838                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              518000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              518588                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              127088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1883500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                512                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                5119                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               11854234                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 37.700301                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                27.007737                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                62.130816                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    11791563     99.47%     99.47% |       62177      0.52%    100.00% |         489      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 11854234                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     31911274                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.025631                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.520876                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.286354                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    30036558     94.13%     94.13% |     1347327      4.22%     98.35% |       44335      0.14%     98.49% |       58912      0.18%     98.67% |       39062      0.12%     98.79% |       47255      0.15%     98.94% |       48669      0.15%     99.09% |      101221      0.32%     99.41% |      187935      0.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      31911274                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            2048                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            20479                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            31911273                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              28.963387                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.881690                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            230.469478                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    31864373     99.85%     99.85% |       27192      0.09%     99.94% |       10978      0.03%     99.97% |        3464      0.01%     99.98% |        2449      0.01%     99.99% |        1967      0.01%    100.00% |         848      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              31911273                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        29987467                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000181                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000156                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.013449                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    29982045     99.98%     99.98% |        5421      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          29987467                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1923806                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        433.666764                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       215.234891                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       840.700094                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1876906     97.56%     97.56% |       27192      1.41%     98.98% |       10978      0.57%     99.55% |        3464      0.18%     99.73% |        2449      0.13%     99.85% |        1967      0.10%     99.96% |         848      0.04%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1923806                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     7471104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2359296                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         110374                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       110374                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          200                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          174                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          180                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          188                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     23059600                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1176635                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     24236235                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      6926670                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       125759                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7052429                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       336626                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        44931                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       122614                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2085477                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        70135                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           17                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           17                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits           47                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        24273                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        24320                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         4672                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits           42                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19414                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles         3897                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits           53                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        24267                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        24320                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles         4671                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits           38                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19418                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles         3933                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits           40                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19416                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles         3881                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits           46                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        24274                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        24320                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles         4725                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits           39                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19417                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles         4015                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits           50                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        24270                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        24320                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles         4542                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits           45                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses        24275                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        24320                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles         4651                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits           37                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19419                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles         3888                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits           42                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19414                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles         3856                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits           39                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19417                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles         3848                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits           38                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19418                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles         3873                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits           39                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19417                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles         3879                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits           47                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses        24273                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        24320                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles         4657                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits           34                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19422                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles         3949                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits           33                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19423                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.fully_busy_cycles         3933                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits           34                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19422                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.fully_busy_cycles         3757                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits           36                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19420                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.fully_busy_cycles         3799                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits           33                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19423                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.fully_busy_cycles         3878                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits           36                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19420                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.fully_busy_cycles         3958                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits           37                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19419                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.fully_busy_cycles         3876                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits           32                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19424                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.fully_busy_cycles         3959                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits           47                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses        24273                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        24320                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.fully_busy_cycles         4640                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits           39                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19417                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.fully_busy_cycles         3870                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits           45                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses        24275                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        24320                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.fully_busy_cycles         4716                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits           38                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19418                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.fully_busy_cycles         3965                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits           36                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19420                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.fully_busy_cycles         3903                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits           35                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19421                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.fully_busy_cycles         3964                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits           40                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses        19416                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.fully_busy_cycles         3854                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       124388                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        51694                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       176082                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        17457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        40668                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        58125                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        17450                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        40702                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        58152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        14383                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        40665                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        55048                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        11323                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        40715                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        52038                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10764                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        40694                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        51458                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        11282                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        40687                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        51969                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9877                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        40626                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        50503                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        14094                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        40754                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        54848                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        12070                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        40683                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        52753                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        13149                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        40703                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        53852                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16871                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        40641                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        57512                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        12168                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        40691                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        52859                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17127                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        40657                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        57784                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        26580                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        40723                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        67303                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        21036                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        40667                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        61703                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16161                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        40619                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        56780                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16535                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        40800                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        57335                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        14603                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        40772                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        55375                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        15196                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        40699                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        55895                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        16479                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        40628                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        57107                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        19064                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        40649                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        59713                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19826                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        40664                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        60490                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        15909                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        40661                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        56570                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        28003                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        40649                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        68652                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        22532                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        40621                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        63153                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        16602                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        40626                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        57228                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13201                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        40583                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        53784                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         9204                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        40635                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        49839                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8784                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        40647                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        49431                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14494                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        40790                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        55284                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        14525                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        40656                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        55181                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     18140704                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     18140704                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18329803                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18140704                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7492788                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7483784                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     18140704                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.069366                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      7158464                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      7158464                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7300507                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7158464                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3318976                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3306976                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      7158464                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.027372                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      5253806                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      5253806                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5389284                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5253806                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2021897                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2012798                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      5253806                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.020089                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      4307684                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      4307684                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4428390                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4307684                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1723619                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1715692                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      4307684                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.016472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      6302993                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      6302993                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6471475                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6302993                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2883203                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2867305                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      6302993                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.024101                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      6498453                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      6498453                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6705843                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6498453                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2971414                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2950233                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      6498453                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.024849                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      7208422                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      7208422                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7383180                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7208422                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2713506                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2699058                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      7208422                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.027563                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      4634953                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      4634953                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4807588                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4634953                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1913356                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1898077                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      4634953                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.017723                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2834666                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2834666                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2903088                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2834666                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1184839                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1176434                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2834666                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.010839                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      3973656                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      3973656                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4078996                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3973656                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1824121                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1812920                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      3973656                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.015194                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3307765                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3307765                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3430308                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3307765                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1403609                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1389957                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3307765                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.012648                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3040061                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3040061                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3112955                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3040061                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1226563                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1218473                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3040061                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.011625                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4242419                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4242419                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4348832                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4242419                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1878104                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1866067                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4242419                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.016222                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3412641                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3412641                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3527064                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3412641                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1419969                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1407449                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3412641                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.013049                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2033213                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2033213                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2093522                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2033213                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       891115                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       883785                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2033213                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.007775                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      2943261                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      2943261                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3040445                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2943261                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1294304                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1283237                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      2943261                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.011254                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      3969302                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      3969302                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4076074                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3969302                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1633838                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1622994                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      3969302                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.015178                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3132131                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3132131                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3233157                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3132131                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1366566                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1356287                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3132131                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.011977                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3201210                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3201210                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3319975                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3201210                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1410285                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1396234                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3201210                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.012241                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      2113979                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      2113979                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2176124                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2113979                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       930370                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       921739                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      2113979                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.008083                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1690273                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1690273                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1716928                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1690273                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       737992                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       734629                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1690273                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.006463                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2408251                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2408251                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2465996                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2408251                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1107660                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1101215                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2408251                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.009209                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2109653                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2109653                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2177958                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2109653                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       929699                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       922613                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2109653                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.008067                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1384284                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1384284                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1415545                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1384284                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       604366                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       600676                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1384284                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005293                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1644419                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1644419                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1674637                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1644419                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       689277                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       685835                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1644419                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.006288                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2301710                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2301710                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2366033                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2301710                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1042768                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1036390                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2301710                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.008801                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2081516                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2081516                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2156415                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2081516                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       902867                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       895676                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2081516                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.007959                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1438688                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1438688                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1469865                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1438688                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       628571                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       624736                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1438688                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005501                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      6139364                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      6139364                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6529537                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6139364                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2474339                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2457048                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      6139364                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.023476                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      6348233                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      6348233                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6705270                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6348233                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2571880                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2553061                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      6348233                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.024274                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      6541341                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      6541341                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6999977                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6541341                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2672851                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2648381                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      6541341                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.025013                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      6747481                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      6747481                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7196343                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6747481                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2781560                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2752637                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      6747481                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.025801                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     9792425     27.65%     27.65% |    23769377     67.13%     94.78% |     1847850      5.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     35409652                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     9792425     27.65%     27.65% |    23769377     67.13%     94.78% |     1847850      5.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     35409652                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   324831877                       |   588880566                       |    42666013                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   256011047                       |    97612871                       |     1847856                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   33.171750                       |   24.774758                       |   23.089544                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   26.143784                       |    4.106665                       |    1.000003                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    27.008976                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    10.038838                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         37.047815                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002160                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.046996      7.07%      7.07% |    0.046750      7.03%     14.09% |    0.046586      7.00%     21.10% |    0.046463      6.99%     28.08% |    0.111771     16.80%     44.89% |    0.109378     16.44%     61.33% |    0.111641     16.78%     78.11% |    0.109245     16.42%     94.54% |    0.009082      1.37%     95.90% |    0.009084      1.37%     97.27% |    0.009085      1.37%     98.63% |    0.009085      1.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.665166                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.016555                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.028962                       |    0.000000                       |    0.000364                       |    0.000294                       |    0.000364                       |    0.000294                       |    0.000294                       |    0.000364                       |    0.000291                       |    0.000364                       |    0.000364                       |    0.000294                       |    0.000294                       |    0.000294                       |    0.000294                       |    0.000294                       |    0.000364                       |    0.000293                       |    0.000294                       |    0.000294                       |    0.000294                       |    0.000294                       |    0.000292                       |    0.000294                       |    0.000291                       |    0.000364                       |    0.000294                       |    0.000364                       |    0.000293                       |    0.000294                       |    0.000291                       |    0.000294                       |    0.004945                       |    0.002002                       |    0.001882                       |    0.001967                       |    0.001981                       |    0.001900                       |    0.001812                       |    0.001804                       |    0.001939                       |    0.001929                       |    0.002002                       |    0.001931                       |    0.001864                       |    0.001847                       |    0.001860                       |    0.001827                       |    0.001927                       |    0.001878                       |    0.001905                       |    0.001990                       |    0.001997                       |    0.002214                       |    0.002085                       |    0.001972                       |    0.001986                       |    0.001940                       |    0.001953                       |    0.001975                       |    0.002037                       |    0.002051                       |    0.002239                       |    0.002114                       |    0.007718                       |    0.007459                       |    0.007458                       |    0.007451                       |    0.000092                       |           0                       |    0.000145                       |    0.000567                       |    0.000018                       |    0.000014                       |    0.000018                       |    0.000015                       |    0.000014                       |    0.000019                       |    0.000012                       |    0.000017                       |    0.000016                       |    0.000013                       |    0.000014                       |    0.000013                       |    0.000012                       |    0.000013                       |    0.000017                       |    0.000014                       |    0.000013                       |    0.000013                       |    0.000012                       |    0.000012                       |    0.000012                       |    0.000012                       |    0.000012                       |    0.000017                       |    0.000012                       |    0.000015                       |    0.000013                       |    0.000014                       |    0.000013                       |    0.000014                       |    0.000446                       |    0.002117                       |    0.000093                       |           0                       |    0.000012                       |    0.002304                       |    0.001491                       |    0.000444                       |    0.002027                       |    0.000012                       |    0.002563                       |    0.004248                       |    0.001545                       |    0.000445                       |    0.002148                       |    0.005720                       |    0.000013                       |    0.004935                       |    0.007994                       |    0.002221                       |    0.000555                       |    0.001994                       |    0.000018                       |    0.004712                       |    0.003465                       |    0.009346                       |    0.000445                       |    0.002053                       |    0.000014                       |    0.007479                       |    0.004037                       |    0.002443                       |    0.000445                       |    0.002164                       |    0.005479                       |    0.000014                       |    0.008406                       |    0.004892                       |    0.002875                       |    0.000446                       |    0.002037                       |    0.000013                       |    0.004139                       |    0.002569                       |    0.002421                       |    0.000444                       |    0.002099                       |    0.000012                       |    0.002186                       |    0.001547                       |    0.000446                       |    0.002263                       |    0.000012                       |    0.001504                       |    0.002429                       |    0.002554                       |    0.000555                       |    0.002011                       |    0.000017                       |    0.001358                       |    0.004401                       |    0.004432                       |    0.002421                       |    0.000555                       |    0.002071                       |    0.000018                       |    0.004456                       |    0.008093                       |    0.005605                       |    0.003305                       |    0.029457                       |    0.004388                       |    0.000145                       |    0.002352                       |    0.013597                       |    0.016213                       |    0.003213                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002110                       |    0.000567                       |    0.002326                       |    0.005629                       |    0.013556                       |    0.003185                       |    0.000446                       |    0.001983                       |    0.000015                       |    0.006282                       |    0.004467                       |    0.007737                       |    0.003920                       |    0.000445                       |    0.001966                       |    0.000014                       |    0.002309                       |    0.004095                       |    0.004115                       |    0.003278                       |    0.000555                       |    0.002052                       |    0.000017                       |    0.001430                       |    0.002214                       |    0.002534                       |    0.000445                       |    0.002162                       |    0.000012                       |    0.000796                       |    0.002298                       |    0.002354                       |    0.000555                       |    0.002092                       |    0.000016                       |    0.000818                       |    0.002560                       |    0.004373                       |    0.002235                       |    0.000445                       |    0.002361                       |    0.005479                       |    0.000013                       |    0.001488                       |    0.004922                       |    0.008106                       |    0.002199                       |    0.000445                       |    0.001911                       |    0.000014                       |    0.014734                       |    0.004694                       |    0.003397                       |    0.002367                       |    0.000555                       |    0.001912                       |    0.000019                       |    0.001680                       |    0.007314                       |    0.004000                       |    0.002244                       |    0.000445                       |    0.002211                       |    0.005476                       |    0.000014                       |    0.002114                       |    0.008366                       |    0.004891                       |    0.002283                       |    0.000445                       |    0.001938                       |    0.000013                       |    0.001679                       |    0.004034                       |    0.002567                       |    0.002372                       |    0.000445                       |    0.002082                       |    0.000012                       |    0.000817                       |    0.002161                       |    0.002441                       |    0.000446                       |    0.002085                       |    0.000012                       |    0.000565                       |    0.002187                       |    0.000446                       |    0.001965                       |    0.000012                       |    0.000626                       |    0.000661                       |    0.004064                       |    0.000445                       |    0.001929                       |    0.000013                       |    0.002639                       |    0.001187                       |    0.005041                       |    0.000555                       |    0.002018                       |    0.000017                       |    0.006810                       |    0.002858                       |    0.002920                       |    0.000445                       |    0.001973                       |    0.000014                       |    0.000589                       |    0.005462                       |    0.003494                       |    0.000446                       |    0.002012                       |    0.000013                       |    0.003973                       |    0.004628                       |    0.001169                       |    0.000446                       |    0.002102                       |    0.000013                       |    0.000565                       |    0.004252                       |    0.000706                       |    0.000555                       |    0.002086                       |    0.000015                       |    0.000598                       |    0.002246                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.665166                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         6749558                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      6749558                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       392143                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      4204267                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3568635                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     84.881265                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          499481                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30341                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             13688118                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              84186                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            18919340                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            182122                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         13772304                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        19101462                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  32607458                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  266308                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              32873766                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              7059656                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9650                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          7069306                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   7059656                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9650                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               7069306                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                257773895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     24283023                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               50729611                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             6749558                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      4068116                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             227902488                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          908960                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             145157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       190355                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       428138                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3405                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       341227                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           7058982                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        217770                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3869                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    253748273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.360283                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.511270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        236794032     93.32%     93.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2303883      0.91%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1305241      0.51%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1053630      0.42%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1858395      0.73%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1498879      0.59%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1156822      0.46%     96.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           741994      0.29%     97.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7035397      2.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    253748273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.026184                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.196799                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         12009810                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     228880938                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6898159                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5504879                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         454480                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       86792746                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         454480                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         14340059                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       122787667                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15553369                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9929626                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      90683065                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       84714044                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59559                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2170266                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         514617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       87232049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     83797363                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     204703088                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    133669604                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           85                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      71564758                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12232592                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       389230                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       395076                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          40262947                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7123720                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     19296674                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       793578                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       602649                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           83000096                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       483113                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          87326991                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       320026                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9371833                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14508245                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       128988                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    253748273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.344148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.031532                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216681577     85.39%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14154652      5.58%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11430763      4.50%     95.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3582530      1.41%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3342021      1.32%     98.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2320652      0.91%     99.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1394794      0.55%     99.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       507157      0.20%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       334127      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    253748273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          135468     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         928746     76.10%     87.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        156281     12.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       574092      0.66%      0.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      53620649     61.40%     62.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        56415      0.06%     62.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         51941      0.06%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13876879     15.89%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19147015     21.93%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       87326991                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.338774                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1220495                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.013976                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    429942738                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     92864012                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     79052585                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           38                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          144                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           12                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       87973375                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              19                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1251049                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1340491                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2709                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9249                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       751990                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1798                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7824427                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         454480                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5112776                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     115439274                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     83483209                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       128470                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7123720                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19296674                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       474101                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          73439                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     115296600                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         9249                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       137196                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       335134                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       472330                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      86618313                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      13677939                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       443558                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             32618435                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          5325007                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           18940496                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.336024                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               79169677                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              79052597                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          35310542                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          55775188                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.306674                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.633087                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      9629767                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       354125                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       405937                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    252165446                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.292871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.024445                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    221339262     87.78%     87.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11371967      4.51%     92.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11523559      4.57%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3047736      1.21%     98.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1345785      0.53%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       496622      0.20%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       674472      0.27%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       551859      0.22%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1814184      0.72%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    252165446                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     42784528                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       73851860                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               24327912                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5783228                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4852236                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          73238857                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       413925                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       324044      0.44%      0.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     49094041     66.48%     66.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        55125      0.07%     66.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50738      0.07%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5783228      7.83%     74.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     18544684     25.11%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     73851860                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1814184                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            333630570                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           168552033                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   86500                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4025622                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3746414                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            42784528                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              73851860                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       6.024933                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 6.024933                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.165977                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.165977                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        139159383                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        54145404                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                12                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          27206944                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         22548411                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        43760193                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         389002                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1426365500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            1426365500.000001                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          512                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         5119                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       5479037                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        50.520165                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       30.878260                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       88.760112                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5416366     98.86%     98.86% |       62177      1.13%     99.99% |         489      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         5479037                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       6324958                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.688273                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.074021                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       12.023231                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     6265428     99.06%     99.06% |       57676      0.91%     99.97% |        1608      0.03%    100.00% |         205      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         6324958                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         50239                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        25.958419                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.732722                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev       10.597420                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |        6808     13.55%     13.55% |       27819     55.37%     68.92% |       13808     27.48%     96.41% |        1765      3.51%     99.92% |          38      0.08%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           50239                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          5871495                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           89.146994                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.367428                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         463.559492                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     5834597     99.37%     99.37% |       20435      0.35%     99.72% |        9027      0.15%     99.87% |        3253      0.06%     99.93% |        2226      0.04%     99.97% |        1551      0.03%     99.99% |         405      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            5871495                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5135767                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000696                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000601                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.026389                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5132191     99.93%     99.93% |        3575      0.07%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5135767                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       735728                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     690.493295                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    310.994604                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev   1140.830588                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      698830     94.98%     94.98% |       20435      2.78%     97.76% |        9027      1.23%     98.99% |        3253      0.44%     99.43% |        2226      0.30%     99.73% |        1551      0.21%     99.94% |         405      0.06%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        735728                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         18692461                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           19.533326                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.776336                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         147.048159                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    18682463     99.95%     99.95% |        6753      0.04%     99.98% |        1951      0.01%     99.99% |         211      0.00%     99.99% |         223      0.00%    100.00% |         416      0.00%    100.00% |         443      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           18692461                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     17658812                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000098                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000085                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.009900                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    17657081     99.99%     99.99% |        1731      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       17658812                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1033649                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     301.986225                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    192.482800                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    553.699399                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1023651     99.03%     99.03% |        6753      0.65%     99.69% |        1951      0.19%     99.87% |         211      0.02%     99.90% |         223      0.02%     99.92% |         416      0.04%     99.96% |         443      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1033649                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      7052429                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.524254                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.178652                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      14.314082                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     7052113    100.00%    100.00% |         288      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        7052429                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      6926670                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000537                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6926668    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      6926670                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       125759                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    88.478503                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.898750                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    65.680474                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      125443     99.75%     99.75% |         288      0.23%     99.98% |          19      0.02%     99.99% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       125759                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       293582                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.920952                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.168726                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.789240                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      292213     99.53%     99.53% |        1245      0.42%     99.96% |         114      0.04%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       293582                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       264942                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000427                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000368                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.020648                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      264829     99.96%     99.96% |         113      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       264942                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28640                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   104.693436                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.353429                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    78.044183                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       27271     95.22%     95.22% |        1245      4.35%     99.57% |         114      0.40%     99.97% |           8      0.03%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28640                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.422665                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.454469                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.799197                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          18      2.76%     98.16% |           7      1.07%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           2      0.31%     99.54% |           3      0.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    77.500000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.646849                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    57.754385                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     60.00%     60.00% |           7     23.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2      6.67%     90.00% |           3     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        12385                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      2563004                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        25490                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    21134                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    16681                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    21128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    16692                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    16763                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    21030                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    16615                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    21285                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    21149                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    16726                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   16813                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   16780                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   16784                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   16764                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   21134                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   16632                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   16710                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                   16926                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   16852                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   16762                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                   16707                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   16811                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   16550                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   21184                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                   16768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                   21134                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   16633                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                   16730                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                   16645                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                   16789                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   3218                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   2807                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   3224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   2796                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   2725                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   3322                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   2873                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   3067                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   3203                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                   2762                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                  2675                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  2708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                  2704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                  2724                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  3218                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  2856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                  2778                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                  2562                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                  2636                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                  2726                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                  2781                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                  2677                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                  2938                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  3168                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                  2720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                  3218                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                  2855                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                  2758                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                  2843                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                  2699                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     6574                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     5391                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     6619                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                     5453                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     5406                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     6649                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     5567                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                     6473                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                     6633                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                     5455                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                    5373                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                    5378                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                    5453                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                    5437                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                    6616                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                    5481                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                    5476                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                    5306                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                    5342                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                    5436                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                    5535                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                    5460                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                    5532                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                    6609                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                    5436                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                    6723                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                    5526                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                    5455                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                    5509                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                    5380                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                24352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                24352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                24352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                24352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                24352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               24352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               24352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses               24352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses               19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 2194611                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 2182543                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 2197735                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 2142105                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 2130112                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 2189169                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 2209099                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                 2184703                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                 2194469                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                 2136761                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                2115253                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                2148830                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                2131429                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                2139244                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                2202411                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               32989789                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               33006247                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles               32947911                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               32957356                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               32991862                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles               33009474                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               32977959                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               33023632                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles               33025219                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               32985105                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles               33029604                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               33008643                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles               32993447                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles               33018581                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles               32931508                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   18512                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   18512                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   18512                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   18512                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   18512                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  18512                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  18512                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                  18512                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                  14816                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   5840                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   5840                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   5840                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   5840                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   5840                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  5840                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                  5840                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                  5840                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  4672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                16245                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                12854                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                16210                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                12796                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                12864                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                16158                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                12738                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                16400                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                16292                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                12859                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               12904                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               12899                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               12901                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               12892                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               16273                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               12764                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               12822                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits               13051                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits               12985                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               12895                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits               12791                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               12917                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits               12790                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               16291                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits               12905                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits               16241                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits               12793                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits               12842                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits               12738                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits               12884                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               2267                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               1962                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               2302                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               2020                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               1952                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               2354                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               2078                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               2112                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               2220                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses               1957                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses              1912                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              1917                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses              1915                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses              1924                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              2239                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses              2052                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses              1994                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses              1765                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses              1831                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses              1921                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses              2025                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses              1899                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses              2026                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses              2221                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses              1911                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses              2271                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses              2023                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses              1974                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses              2078                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses              1932                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                4889                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                3827                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                4918                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                3896                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                3899                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                4872                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                3877                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                4885                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                4857                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                3867                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               3909                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               3881                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               3883                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               3872                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               4861                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               3868                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               3888                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               3875                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               3867                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               3867                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits               3916                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               3894                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               3760                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits               4893                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               3863                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits               4893                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               3840                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               3888                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               3907                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               3905                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               951                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               845                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses               922                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               776                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses               773                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses               968                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               795                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses               955                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses               983                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               805                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses              763                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses              791                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              789                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses              800                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses              979                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses              804                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses              784                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses              797                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses              805                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses              805                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses              756                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              778                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses              912                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses              947                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses              809                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses              947                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses              832                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses              784                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses              765                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses              767                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2739552                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2608842                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2744982                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2584575                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2568690                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2748091                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2636763                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2727305                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                2735219                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                2574552                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               2544278                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               2574350                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2571819                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2584887                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               2742562                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2613518                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               2598720                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               2544813                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               2577213                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               2598213                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles               2621220                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               2575049                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               2644895                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               2729732                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles               2599088                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles               2744692                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               2622610                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               2605189                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles               2617618                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles               2560454                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                    240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               2618833                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               2501729                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               2618076                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               2473256                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2453610                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               2624612                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               2515736                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2587221                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               2601825                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               2465654                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              2433211                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              2465607                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              2465341                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              2480362                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              2618132                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              2501481                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              2495649                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              2423308                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              2464194                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              2485832                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles              2505383                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              2457068                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              2530190                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              2602122                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles              2489368                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles              2624184                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              2514147                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              2491260                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles              2509077                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles              2444270                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             151280                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             151280                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             151280                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             151280                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             151280                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            151280                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            151280                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles            151280                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles            121024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               901379                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               843967                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               881880                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               806132                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               839768                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               917696                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               841820                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               944319                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               891965                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               823125                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles              828044                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              829453                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles              858658                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              840120                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              909794                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles              827619                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              842123                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles              879602                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              871989                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              867455                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles              841472                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              857350                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles              883299                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles              914961                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              870262                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles              925243                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles              861995                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles              834240                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              832254                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              829512                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          2618833                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          2501729                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          2618076                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          2473256                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2453610                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          2624612                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          2515736                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2587221                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          2601825                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          2465654                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         2433211                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         2465607                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         2465341                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         2480362                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         2618132                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         2501481                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         2495649                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         2423308                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         2464194                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         2485832                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time         2505383                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         2457068                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         2530190                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         2602122                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time         2489368                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time         2624184                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         2514147                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         2491260                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time         2509077                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time         2444270                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        151280                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        151280                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        151280                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        151280                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        151280                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       151280                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       151280                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time       151280                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time       121024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          901379                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          843967                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          881880                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          806132                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          839768                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          917696                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          841820                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          944319                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          891965                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          823125                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time         828044                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         829453                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time         858658                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         840120                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         909794                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time         827619                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         842123                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time         879602                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         871989                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         867455                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time         841472                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         857350                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time         883299                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         914961                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         870262                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time         925243                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         861995                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time         834240                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         832254                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         829512                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2720642                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2593714                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2726072                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2569447                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2553562                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2729181                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2621635                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2708395                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            2716309                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2559424                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2529150                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           2559222                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2556691                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2569759                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           2723652                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2598390                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           2583592                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           2529685                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           2562085                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           2583085                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time           2606092                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           2559921                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           2629767                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           2710822                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time           2583960                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time           2725782                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           2607482                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           2590061                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time           2602490                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time           2545326                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         258765308                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         258765304                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         258765310                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         258765306                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         258765315                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         258765311                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         258765327                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         258765323                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         258765332                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         258765328                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        258765324                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        258765330                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        258765344                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        258765340                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        258765336                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        258765332                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles        258765341                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        258765347                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        258765353                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        258765349                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles        258765358                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles        258765364                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        258765355                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        258765351                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        258765360                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles        258765366                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles        258765357                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        258765354                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        258765362                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        258765358                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2733381                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2604609                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2741662                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2577017                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2560851                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2744943                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2630909                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2711929                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          2717031                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2565646                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2532810                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2565111                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2564325                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2557477                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         2727633                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2572975                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         2579241                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         2534575                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         2561573                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2591657                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         2612471                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         2566161                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         2628783                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         2724426                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         2585650                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles         2740003                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         2598376                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles         2587301                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles         2598517                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         2528524                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               470                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               398                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               471                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               394                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               388                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               489                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               412                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               451                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               472                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               393                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              383                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              386                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              386                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              388                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              466                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              406                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              396                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              367                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              377                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              388                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0              397                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              383                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              418                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              465                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0              388                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0              468                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              406                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              391                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0              404                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0              384                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              1063                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1               845                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              1052                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1               845                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1               830                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              1056                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1               771                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              1028                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1               955                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1               781                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1              828                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1              825                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1              748                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1              771                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1              997                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1              837                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1              794                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1              764                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1              784                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1              769                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1              765                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1              728                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1              748                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1              987                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1              759                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1              920                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1              763                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1              800                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1              837                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1              840                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              3161                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              2457                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              3094                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              2594                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              2445                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              3389                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              2004                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              2989                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              2707                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              2293                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             2360                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             2302                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             2012                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             2184                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             2936                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             2346                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2             2224                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2             2146                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             2052                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             2090                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2             1965                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2             1907                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             1948                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2             3003                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2             2103                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2             2600                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2             2125                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             2396                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2             2208                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2             2459                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles         1983169                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles         1995082                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles         1966309                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles         1948532                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles         1935912                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles         1975312                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles         2010801                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles         1959179                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles         1978434                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles         1948151                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles        1924659                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles        1958436                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles        1941888                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles        1952569                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles        1983087                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles        1976693                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles        1978907                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles        1916257                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles        1946707                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles        1981398                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles        1999800                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles        1958361                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles        2000848                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles        1979907                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles        1987708                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles        1981115                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles        1997210                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles        1976153                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles        1999100                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles        1914071                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      336677     25.65%     25.65% |      325440     24.79%     50.44% |      325428     24.79%     75.23% |      325104     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1312649                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      206153     25.95%     25.95% |      196053     24.68%     50.64% |      196058     24.68%     75.32% |      196037     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       794301                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      336702     25.65%     25.65% |      325440     24.79%     50.44% |      325428     24.79%     75.23% |      325104     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1312674                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      211969     25.93%     25.93% |      201875     24.69%     50.62% |      201883     24.69%     75.31% |      201864     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       817591                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      122332     25.19%     25.19% |      121195     24.96%     50.15% |      121178     24.96%     75.11% |      120875     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       485580                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      336677     25.65%     25.65% |      325440     24.79%     50.44% |      325428     24.79%     75.23% |      325104     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1312649                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      205916     25.95%     25.95% |      195875     24.68%     50.63% |      195883     24.68%     75.32% |      195864     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       793538                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      122332     25.19%     25.19% |      121195     24.96%     50.15% |      121178     24.96%     75.11% |      120875     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       485580                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      336677     25.65%     25.65% |      325440     24.79%     50.44% |      325428     24.79%     75.23% |      325104     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1312649                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      205916     25.95%     25.95% |      195875     24.68%     50.63% |      195883     24.68%     75.32% |      195864     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       793538                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          710                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5404072     91.95%     91.95% |          17      0.00%     91.95% |       18483      0.31%     92.26% |       14785      0.25%     92.52% |       18481      0.31%     92.83% |       14785      0.25%     93.08% |       14786      0.25%     93.33% |       18480      0.31%     93.65% |       14785      0.25%     93.90% |       18480      0.31%     94.21% |       18483      0.31%     94.53% |       14785      0.25%     94.78% |       14786      0.25%     95.03% |       14784      0.25%     95.28% |       14784      0.25%     95.53% |       14784      0.25%     95.79% |       18483      0.31%     96.10% |       14784      0.25%     96.35% |       14787      0.25%     96.60% |       14784      0.25%     96.86% |       14784      0.25%     97.11% |       14784      0.25%     97.36% |       14784      0.25%     97.61% |       14785      0.25%     97.86% |       14784      0.25%     98.11% |       18481      0.31%     98.43% |       14785      0.25%     98.68% |       18481      0.31%     98.99% |       14784      0.25%     99.25% |       14785      0.25%     99.50% |       14785      0.25%     99.75% |       14785      0.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      5877205                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     7052491    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      7052491                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    18842060     99.21%     99.21% |           0      0.00%     99.21% |        5840      0.03%     99.24% |        4672      0.02%     99.27% |        5840      0.03%     99.30% |        4672      0.02%     99.32% |        4672      0.02%     99.35% |        5840      0.03%     99.38% |        4672      0.02%     99.40% |        5840      0.03%     99.43% |        5840      0.03%     99.46% |        4672      0.02%     99.49% |        4672      0.02%     99.51% |        4672      0.02%     99.54% |        4672      0.02%     99.56% |        4672      0.02%     99.59% |        5840      0.03%     99.62% |        4672      0.02%     99.64% |        4672      0.02%     99.67% |        4672      0.02%     99.69% |        4672      0.02%     99.72% |        4672      0.02%     99.74% |        4672      0.02%     99.77% |        4672      0.02%     99.79% |        4672      0.02%     99.82% |        5840      0.03%     99.85% |        4672      0.02%     99.87% |        5840      0.03%     99.90% |        4672      0.02%     99.93% |        4672      0.02%     99.95% |        4672      0.02%     99.98% |        4672      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     18991564                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       19397     38.62%     38.62% |          17      0.03%     38.66% |         612      1.22%     39.88% |         999      1.99%     41.87% |         606      1.21%     43.07% |        1112      2.21%     45.29% |        1102      2.19%     47.48% |         445      0.89%     48.37% |        1219      2.43%     50.80% |         767      1.53%     52.32% |         904      1.80%     54.12% |        1236      2.46%     56.58% |         999      1.99%     58.57% |         858      1.71%     60.28% |        1079      2.15%     62.43% |         976      1.94%     64.37% |         519      1.03%     65.41% |        1429      2.85%     68.25% |        1505      3.00%     71.25% |         866      1.72%     72.97% |        1146      2.28%     75.26% |        1040      2.07%     77.33% |        1353      2.69%     80.02% |        1471      2.93%     82.95% |        1348      2.68%     85.63% |         642      1.28%     86.91% |        1117      2.22%     89.14% |         588      1.17%     90.31% |        1315      2.62%     92.93% |        1456      2.90%     95.83% |        1113      2.22%     98.04% |         983      1.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        50219                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1298636     68.18%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |       23758      1.25%     69.43% |       18902      0.99%     70.42% |       23758      1.25%     71.67% |       18904      0.99%     72.66% |       18905      0.99%     73.66% |       23762      1.25%     74.90% |       18904      0.99%     75.90% |       23759      1.25%     77.14% |       23762      1.25%     78.39% |       18906      0.99%     79.38% |       18902      0.99%     80.38% |       18905      0.99%     81.37% |       18905      0.99%     82.36% |       18905      0.99%     83.35% |       23760      1.25%     84.60% |       18905      0.99%     85.59% |       18907      0.99%     86.59% |       18908      0.99%     87.58% |       18905      0.99%     88.57% |       18909      0.99%     89.56% |       18906      0.99%     90.56% |       18904      0.99%     91.55% |       18911      0.99%     92.54% |       23760      1.25%     93.79% |       18904      0.99%     94.78% |       23763      1.25%     96.03% |       18905      0.99%     97.02% |       18904      0.99%     98.01% |       18907      0.99%     99.01% |       18904      0.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1904635                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          16     80.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1      5.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           3     15.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      263381     35.82%     35.82% |           1      0.00%     35.82% |       18433      2.51%     38.33% |       14742      2.00%     40.33% |       18424      2.51%     42.84% |       14746      2.01%     44.84% |       14744      2.01%     46.85% |       18434      2.51%     49.36% |       14745      2.01%     51.36% |       18430      2.51%     53.87% |       18435      2.51%     56.38% |       14749      2.01%     58.38% |       14742      2.00%     60.39% |       14745      2.01%     62.39% |       14746      2.01%     64.40% |       14745      2.01%     66.40% |       18433      2.51%     68.91% |       14750      2.01%     70.92% |       14751      2.01%     72.92% |       14750      2.01%     74.93% |       14748      2.01%     76.93% |       14751      2.01%     78.94% |       14748      2.01%     80.95% |       14747      2.01%     82.95% |       14751      2.01%     84.96% |       18434      2.51%     87.46% |       14745      2.01%     89.47% |       18435      2.51%     91.98% |       14746      2.01%     93.98% |       14748      2.01%     95.99% |       14749      2.01%     97.99% |       14744      2.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       735272                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     80.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           3     15.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1038991     87.42%     87.42% |           0      0.00%     87.42% |        5840      0.49%     87.91% |        4672      0.39%     88.31% |        5840      0.49%     88.80% |        4672      0.39%     89.19% |        4672      0.39%     89.58% |        5840      0.49%     90.07% |        4672      0.39%     90.47% |        5840      0.49%     90.96% |        5840      0.49%     91.45% |        4670      0.39%     91.84% |        4672      0.39%     92.24% |        4672      0.39%     92.63% |        4672      0.39%     93.02% |        4672      0.39%     93.42% |        5840      0.49%     93.91% |        4672      0.39%     94.30% |        4672      0.39%     94.69% |        4672      0.39%     95.09% |        4672      0.39%     95.48% |        4672      0.39%     95.87% |        4672      0.39%     96.27% |        4672      0.39%     96.66% |        4672      0.39%     97.05% |        5839      0.49%     97.54% |        4672      0.39%     97.94% |        5840      0.49%     98.43% |        4672      0.39%     98.82% |        4672      0.39%     99.21% |        4672      0.39%     99.61% |        4672      0.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1188492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1172408     66.70%     66.70% |           0      0.00%     66.70% |       23150      1.32%     68.02% |       18421      1.05%     69.07% |       23172      1.32%     70.39% |       18309      1.04%     71.43% |       18319      1.04%     72.47% |       23319      1.33%     73.80% |       17827      1.01%     74.81% |       22993      1.31%     76.12% |       22859      1.30%     77.42% |       18183      1.03%     78.46% |       18425      1.05%     79.50% |       18561      1.06%     80.56% |       18344      1.04%     81.60% |       18442      1.05%     82.65% |       23247      1.32%     83.98% |       17948      1.02%     85.00% |       17920      1.02%     86.02% |       18557      1.06%     87.07% |       18275      1.04%     88.11% |       18372      1.05%     89.16% |       17893      1.02%     90.18% |       17955      1.02%     91.20% |       17691      1.01%     92.20% |       23142      1.32%     93.52% |       18302      1.04%     94.56% |       23177      1.32%     95.88% |       17967      1.02%     96.90% |       17932      1.02%     97.92% |       18077      1.03%     98.95% |       18433      1.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1757620                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      261509     35.66%     35.66% |          17      0.00%     35.66% |       18430      2.51%     38.17% |       14742      2.01%     40.18% |       18427      2.51%     42.70% |       14744      2.01%     44.71% |       14742      2.01%     46.72% |       18433      2.51%     49.23% |       14744      2.01%     51.24% |       18429      2.51%     53.75% |       18433      2.51%     56.27% |       14748      2.01%     58.28% |       14742      2.01%     60.29% |       14745      2.01%     62.30% |       14745      2.01%     64.31% |       14745      2.01%     66.32% |       18432      2.51%     68.83% |       14745      2.01%     70.84% |       14747      2.01%     72.86% |       14748      2.01%     74.87% |       14745      2.01%     76.88% |       14749      2.01%     78.89% |       14746      2.01%     80.90% |       14744      2.01%     82.91% |       14750      2.01%     84.92% |       18433      2.51%     87.43% |       14744      2.01%     89.44% |       18434      2.51%     91.96% |       14745      2.01%     93.97% |       14744      2.01%     95.98% |       14747      2.01%     97.99% |       14744      2.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       733372                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122048    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122048                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      912766     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |        5840      0.55%     86.48% |        4672      0.44%     86.92% |        5840      0.55%     87.47% |        4672      0.44%     87.91% |        4672      0.44%     88.35% |        5840      0.55%     88.89% |        4672      0.44%     89.33% |        5840      0.55%     89.88% |        5840      0.55%     90.43% |        4670      0.44%     90.87% |        4672      0.44%     91.31% |        4672      0.44%     91.75% |        4672      0.44%     92.19% |        4672      0.44%     92.63% |        5840      0.55%     93.18% |        4672      0.44%     93.62% |        4672      0.44%     94.06% |        4672      0.44%     94.50% |        4672      0.44%     94.94% |        4672      0.44%     95.38% |        4672      0.44%     95.82% |        4672      0.44%     96.26% |        4672      0.44%     96.70% |        5839      0.55%     97.25% |        4672      0.44%     97.69% |        5840      0.55%     98.24% |        4672      0.44%     98.68% |        4672      0.44%     99.12% |        4672      0.44%     99.56% |        4672      0.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1062267                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11067     99.94%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           4      0.04%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           3      0.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11074                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        2308     97.96%     97.96% |           0      0.00%     97.96% |           3      0.13%     98.09% |           0      0.00%     98.09% |           0      0.00%     98.09% |           2      0.08%     98.17% |           2      0.08%     98.26% |           1      0.04%     98.30% |           1      0.04%     98.34% |           1      0.04%     98.39% |           2      0.08%     98.47% |           1      0.04%     98.51% |           0      0.00%     98.51% |           0      0.00%     98.51% |           1      0.04%     98.56% |           0      0.00%     98.56% |           1      0.04%     98.60% |           5      0.21%     98.81% |           4      0.17%     98.98% |           2      0.08%     99.07% |           3      0.13%     99.19% |           2      0.08%     99.28% |           2      0.08%     99.36% |           3      0.13%     99.49% |           2      0.08%     99.58% |           1      0.04%     99.62% |           1      0.04%     99.66% |           1      0.04%     99.70% |           1      0.04%     99.75% |           4      0.17%     99.92% |           2      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         2356                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3711    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3711                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1395      6.29%      6.29% |           0      0.00%      6.29% |         608      2.74%      9.04% |         481      2.17%     11.21% |         579      2.61%     13.82% |         595      2.68%     16.50% |         583      2.63%     19.14% |         442      1.99%     21.13% |        1077      4.86%     25.99% |         764      3.45%     29.44% |         902      4.07%     33.51% |         723      3.26%     36.77% |         477      2.15%     38.92% |         344      1.55%     40.47% |         561      2.53%     43.00% |         463      2.09%     45.09% |         513      2.31%     47.41% |         957      4.32%     51.73% |         987      4.45%     56.18% |         351      1.58%     57.76% |         630      2.84%     60.61% |         537      2.42%     63.03% |        1013      4.57%     67.60% |         949      4.28%     71.88% |        1219      5.50%     77.38% |         618      2.79%     80.17% |         602      2.72%     82.89% |         585      2.64%     85.53% |         938      4.23%     89.76% |         972      4.39%     94.14% |         830      3.74%     97.89% |         468      2.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        22163                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        7199    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total         7199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     6926670    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      6926670                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4650     99.64%     99.64% |          16      0.34%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         4667                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      121496     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       121503                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2528546     99.95%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |          47      0.00%     99.95% |          42      0.00%     99.96% |          53      0.00%     99.96% |          38      0.00%     99.96% |          40      0.00%     99.96% |          46      0.00%     99.96% |          39      0.00%     99.96% |          50      0.00%     99.97% |          45      0.00%     99.97% |          35      0.00%     99.97% |          42      0.00%     99.97% |          39      0.00%     99.97% |          38      0.00%     99.97% |          39      0.00%     99.98% |          47      0.00%     99.98% |          34      0.00%     99.98% |          33      0.00%     99.98% |          34      0.00%     99.98% |          36      0.00%     99.98% |          33      0.00%     99.98% |          36      0.00%     99.99% |          37      0.00%     99.99% |          32      0.00%     99.99% |          46      0.00%     99.99% |          39      0.00%     99.99% |          45      0.00%     99.99% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2529740                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       63132    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        63132                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        3473     11.50%     11.50% |           1      0.00%     11.51% |         595      1.97%     13.48% |         782      2.59%     16.07% |         569      1.88%     17.95% |         926      3.07%     21.02% |         917      3.04%     24.05% |         413      1.37%     25.42% |        1147      3.80%     29.22% |         709      2.35%     31.57% |         839      2.78%     34.35% |         975      3.23%     37.58% |         833      2.76%     40.33% |         656      2.17%     42.51% |         889      2.94%     45.45% |         800      2.65%     48.10% |         501      1.66%     49.76% |        1231      4.08%     53.84% |        1329      4.40%     58.24% |         707      2.34%     60.58% |         945      3.13%     63.71% |         876      2.90%     66.61% |        1224      4.05%     70.66% |        1237      4.10%     74.76% |        1145      3.79%     78.55% |         590      1.95%     80.51% |         916      3.03%     83.54% |         572      1.89%     85.43% |        1194      3.95%     89.39% |        1284      4.25%     93.64% |        1089      3.61%     97.25% |         831      2.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        30195                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      196688     30.82%     30.82% |           0      0.00%     30.82% |       17472      2.74%     33.55% |       13960      2.19%     35.74% |       17488      2.74%     38.48% |       13820      2.17%     40.65% |       13827      2.17%     42.81% |       17655      2.77%     45.58% |       13369      2.09%     47.67% |       17355      2.72%     50.39% |       17230      2.70%     53.09% |       13774      2.16%     55.25% |       13909      2.18%     57.43% |       14089      2.21%     59.64% |       13857      2.17%     61.81% |       13945      2.18%     63.99% |       17574      2.75%     66.75% |       13519      2.12%     68.87% |       13422      2.10%     70.97% |       14043      2.20%     73.17% |       13803      2.16%     75.33% |       13872      2.17%     77.51% |       13472      2.11%     79.62% |       13510      2.12%     81.73% |       13345      2.09%     83.82% |       17482      2.74%     86.56% |       13828      2.17%     88.73% |       17497      2.74%     91.47% |       13489      2.11%     93.58% |       13464      2.11%     95.69% |       13573      2.13%     97.82% |       13910      2.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       638241                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           3     75.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2598828    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2598828                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    17861895    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     17861898                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         206      5.02%      5.02% |           0      0.00%      5.02% |          16      0.39%      5.41% |         209      5.09%     10.50% |          10      0.24%     10.75% |         183      4.46%     15.20% |         180      4.39%     19.59% |          30      0.73%     20.32% |          68      1.66%     21.98% |          56      1.36%     23.34% |          65      1.58%     24.93% |         261      6.36%     31.29% |         156      3.80%     35.09% |         200      4.87%     39.96% |         185      4.51%     44.47% |         175      4.26%     48.73% |          13      0.32%     49.05% |         180      4.39%     53.44% |         173      4.22%     57.65% |         158      3.85%     61.50% |         198      4.82%     66.33% |         160      3.90%     70.22% |         127      3.09%     73.32% |         227      5.53%     78.85% |         180      4.39%     83.24% |          29      0.71%     83.94% |         198      4.82%     88.77% |          14      0.34%     89.11% |         116      2.83%     91.93% |         160      3.90%     95.83% |          22      0.54%     96.37% |         149      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total         4104                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      975720     87.17%     87.17% |           0      0.00%     87.17% |        5678      0.51%     87.67% |        4461      0.40%     88.07% |        5684      0.51%     88.58% |        4489      0.40%     88.98% |        4492      0.40%     89.38% |        5664      0.51%     89.89% |        4458      0.40%     90.29% |        5638      0.50%     90.79% |        5629      0.50%     91.29% |        4409      0.39%     91.69% |        4516      0.40%     92.09% |        4472      0.40%     92.49% |        4487      0.40%     92.89% |        4497      0.40%     93.29% |        5673      0.51%     93.80% |        4429      0.40%     94.19% |        4498      0.40%     94.60% |        4514      0.40%     95.00% |        4472      0.40%     95.40% |        4500      0.40%     95.80% |        4421      0.39%     96.20% |        4445      0.40%     96.59% |        4346      0.39%     96.98% |        5660      0.51%     97.49% |        4474      0.40%     97.89% |        5680      0.51%     98.39% |        4478      0.40%     98.79% |        4468      0.40%     99.19% |        4504      0.40%     99.60% |        4523      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1119379                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |        3302     99.64%     99.64% |           0      0.00%     99.64% |           0      0.00%     99.64% |           0      0.00%     99.64% |           3      0.09%     99.73% |           0      0.00%     99.73% |           3      0.09%     99.82% |           1      0.03%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           2      0.06%     99.91% |           1      0.03%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           1      0.03%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           1      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         3314                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      263381     35.82%     35.82% |           1      0.00%     35.82% |       18433      2.51%     38.33% |       14742      2.00%     40.33% |       18424      2.51%     42.84% |       14746      2.01%     44.84% |       14744      2.01%     46.85% |       18434      2.51%     49.36% |       14745      2.01%     51.36% |       18430      2.51%     53.87% |       18435      2.51%     56.38% |       14749      2.01%     58.38% |       14742      2.00%     60.39% |       14745      2.01%     62.39% |       14746      2.01%     64.40% |       14745      2.01%     66.40% |       18433      2.51%     68.91% |       14750      2.01%     70.92% |       14751      2.01%     72.92% |       14750      2.01%     74.93% |       14748      2.01%     76.93% |       14751      2.01%     78.94% |       14748      2.01%     80.95% |       14747      2.01%     82.95% |       14751      2.01%     84.96% |       18434      2.51%     87.46% |       14745      2.01%     89.47% |       18435      2.51%     91.98% |       14746      2.01%     93.98% |       14748      2.01%     95.99% |       14749      2.01%     97.99% |       14744      2.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       735272                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     80.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           3     15.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      126195    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126195                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          35    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           35                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      912796     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |        5840      0.55%     86.48% |        4672      0.44%     86.92% |        5840      0.55%     87.47% |        4672      0.44%     87.91% |        4672      0.44%     88.35% |        5840      0.55%     88.90% |        4672      0.44%     89.34% |        5840      0.55%     89.88% |        5840      0.55%     90.43% |        4670      0.44%     90.87% |        4672      0.44%     91.31% |        4672      0.44%     91.75% |        4672      0.44%     92.19% |        4672      0.44%     92.63% |        5840      0.55%     93.18% |        4672      0.44%     93.62% |        4672      0.44%     94.06% |        4672      0.44%     94.50% |        4672      0.44%     94.94% |        4672      0.44%     95.38% |        4672      0.44%     95.82% |        4672      0.44%     96.26% |        4672      0.44%     96.70% |        5839      0.55%     97.25% |        4672      0.44%     97.69% |        5840      0.55%     98.24% |        4672      0.44%     98.68% |        4672      0.44%     99.12% |        4672      0.44%     99.56% |        4672      0.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1062297                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        5682     99.51%     99.51% |           0      0.00%     99.51% |           3      0.05%     99.56% |           1      0.02%     99.58% |           1      0.02%     99.60% |           1      0.02%     99.61% |           2      0.04%     99.65% |           0      0.00%     99.65% |           1      0.02%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |           3      0.05%     99.72% |           1      0.02%     99.74% |           2      0.04%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           3      0.05%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |           3      0.05%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           1      0.02%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           1      0.02%     99.91% |           1      0.02%     99.93% |           1      0.02%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           1      0.02%     99.96% |           1      0.02%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         5710                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          62    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           62                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        4215    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         4215                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           1      0.56%      0.56% |           0      0.00%      0.56% |           1      0.56%      1.12% |           8      4.47%      5.59% |          23     12.85%     18.44% |           3      1.68%     20.11% |           5      2.79%     22.91% |           2      1.12%     24.02% |           4      2.23%     26.26% |           2      1.12%     27.37% |           0      0.00%     27.37% |           0      0.00%     27.37% |          10      5.59%     32.96% |           2      1.12%     34.08% |           5      2.79%     36.87% |           1      0.56%     37.43% |           5      2.79%     40.22% |          18     10.06%     50.28% |           3      1.68%     51.96% |           1      0.56%     52.51% |           3      1.68%     54.19% |           4      2.23%     56.42% |           2      1.12%     57.54% |           7      3.91%     61.45% |          22     12.29%     73.74% |          23     12.85%     86.59% |           3      1.68%     88.27% |           2      1.12%     89.39% |           5      2.79%     92.18% |          12      6.70%     98.88% |           2      1.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total          179                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1172407     66.71%     66.71% |           0      0.00%     66.71% |       23149      1.32%     68.03% |       18413      1.05%     69.08% |       23149      1.32%     70.39% |       18306      1.04%     71.43% |       18314      1.04%     72.48% |       23317      1.33%     73.80% |       17823      1.01%     74.82% |       22991      1.31%     76.13% |       22859      1.30%     77.43% |       18183      1.03%     78.46% |       18415      1.05%     79.51% |       18559      1.06%     80.57% |       18339      1.04%     81.61% |       18441      1.05%     82.66% |       23242      1.32%     83.98% |       17930      1.02%     85.00% |       17917      1.02%     86.02% |       18556      1.06%     87.08% |       18272      1.04%     88.12% |       18368      1.05%     89.16% |       17891      1.02%     90.18% |       17948      1.02%     91.20% |       17669      1.01%     92.21% |       23119      1.32%     93.52% |       18299      1.04%     94.56% |       23175      1.32%     95.88% |       17962      1.02%     96.90% |       17920      1.02%     97.92% |       18075      1.03%     98.95% |       18433      1.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1757441                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           1      0.56%      0.56% |           0      0.00%      0.56% |           1      0.56%      1.12% |           8      4.47%      5.59% |          23     12.85%     18.44% |           3      1.68%     20.11% |           5      2.79%     22.91% |           2      1.12%     24.02% |           4      2.23%     26.26% |           2      1.12%     27.37% |           0      0.00%     27.37% |           0      0.00%     27.37% |          10      5.59%     32.96% |           2      1.12%     34.08% |           5      2.79%     36.87% |           1      0.56%     37.43% |           5      2.79%     40.22% |          18     10.06%     50.28% |           3      1.68%     51.96% |           1      0.56%     52.51% |           3      1.68%     54.19% |           4      2.23%     56.42% |           2      1.12%     57.54% |           7      3.91%     61.45% |          22     12.29%     73.74% |          23     12.85%     86.59% |           3      1.68%     88.27% |           2      1.12%     89.39% |           5      2.79%     92.18% |          12      6.70%     98.88% |           2      1.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          179                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3885      3.09%      3.09% |        3726      2.96%      6.05% |        3463      2.75%      8.80% |        3453      2.74%     11.55% |        3612      2.87%     14.42% |        4090      3.25%     17.67% |        3753      2.98%     20.65% |        3354      2.67%     23.32% |        3618      2.88%     26.19% |        5234      4.16%     30.35% |        3966      3.15%     33.51% |        3884      3.09%     36.59% |        3617      2.87%     39.47% |        4422      3.51%     42.98% |        3942      3.13%     46.12% |        3767      2.99%     49.11% |        4173      3.32%     52.43% |        4268      3.39%     55.82% |        3773      3.00%     58.82% |        3367      2.68%     61.49% |        3139      2.49%     63.99% |        3800      3.02%     67.01% |        3587      2.85%     69.86% |        3420      2.72%     72.58% |        3733      2.97%     75.55% |        3846      3.06%     78.60% |        3296      2.62%     81.22% |        4704      3.74%     84.96% |        4114      3.27%     88.23% |        5246      4.17%     92.40% |        5093      4.05%     96.45% |        4468      3.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       125813                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      114490     15.56%     15.56% |       20858      2.83%     18.40% |       18791      2.55%     20.95% |       21498      2.92%     23.87% |       21032      2.86%     26.73% |       19897      2.70%     29.43% |       18361      2.50%     31.93% |       18309      2.49%     34.42% |       20860      2.84%     37.25% |       19164      2.60%     39.86% |       22487      3.06%     42.91% |       20626      2.80%     45.72% |       19129      2.60%     48.32% |       18604      2.53%     50.85% |       18291      2.49%     53.33% |       18304      2.49%     55.82% |       20370      2.77%     58.59% |       18790      2.55%     61.14% |       18977      2.58%     63.72% |       20020      2.72%     66.44% |       19976      2.72%     69.16% |       26275      3.57%     72.73% |       23204      3.15%     75.88% |       19662      2.67%     78.56% |       19606      2.66%     81.22% |       19012      2.58%     83.80% |       18542      2.52%     86.32% |       18258      2.48%     88.81% |       20175      2.74%     91.55% |       19476      2.65%     94.20% |       21247      2.89%     97.08% |       21459      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       735750                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       57707      5.43%      5.43% |       33541      3.16%      8.59% |       30603      2.88%     11.47% |       31618      2.98%     14.45% |       32584      3.07%     17.51% |       29797      2.80%     20.32% |       27738      2.61%     22.93% |       27778      2.61%     25.54% |       30807      2.90%     28.44% |       30783      2.90%     31.34% |       31702      2.98%     34.33% |       30537      2.87%     37.20% |       29293      2.76%     39.96% |       28433      2.68%     42.64% |       29734      2.80%     45.43% |       28432      2.68%     48.11% |       30306      2.85%     50.96% |       29696      2.80%     53.76% |       31097      2.93%     56.69% |       34121      3.21%     59.90% |       34683      3.26%     63.16% |       37249      3.51%     66.67% |       34914      3.29%     69.96% |       33699      3.17%     73.13% |       33995      3.20%     76.33% |       32517      3.06%     79.39% |       34056      3.21%     82.59% |       34145      3.21%     85.81% |       35433      3.34%     89.14% |       35778      3.37%     92.51% |       42320      3.98%     96.50% |       37226      3.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1062322                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      170727      9.71%      9.71% |       53217      3.03%     12.74% |       48211      2.74%     15.49% |       51933      2.96%     18.44% |       52444      2.98%     21.42% |       48444      2.76%     24.18% |       44919      2.56%     26.74% |       44917      2.56%     29.29% |       50197      2.86%     32.15% |       48623      2.77%     34.92% |       52828      3.01%     37.92% |       49844      2.84%     40.76% |       47102      2.68%     43.44% |       45718      2.60%     46.04% |       46671      2.66%     48.70% |       45411      2.58%     51.28% |       49202      2.80%     54.08% |       47267      2.69%     56.77% |       48804      2.78%     59.55% |       52900      3.01%     62.56% |       53418      3.04%     65.59% |       62228      3.54%     69.14% |       56873      3.24%     72.37% |       52118      2.97%     75.34% |       52161      2.97%     78.31% |       50340      2.86%     81.17% |       51409      2.93%     84.10% |       51212      2.91%     87.01% |       54404      3.10%     90.10% |       54059      3.08%     93.18% |       62355      3.55%     96.73% |       57492      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1757448                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |          18      6.16%      6.16% |          10      3.42%      9.59% |           7      2.40%     11.99% |           9      3.08%     15.07% |          12      4.11%     19.18% |          10      3.42%     22.60% |           9      3.08%     25.68% |          12      4.11%     29.79% |          10      3.42%     33.22% |           8      2.74%     35.96% |          14      4.79%     40.75% |          14      4.79%     45.55% |          12      4.11%     49.66% |          15      5.14%     54.79% |          12      4.11%     58.90% |          10      3.42%     62.33% |           8      2.74%     65.07% |          11      3.77%     68.84% |           8      2.74%     71.58% |          12      4.11%     75.68% |           5      1.71%     77.40% |          11      3.77%     81.16% |           4      1.37%     82.53% |          12      4.11%     86.64% |          10      3.42%     90.07% |           0      0.00%     90.07% |           6      2.05%     92.12% |           4      1.37%     93.49% |           6      2.05%     95.55% |           5      1.71%     97.26% |           6      2.05%     99.32% |           2      0.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total          292                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       34245      4.34%      4.34% |       24378      3.09%      7.43% |       24392      3.09%     10.51% |       24385      3.09%     13.60% |       24376      3.09%     16.69% |       24372      3.09%     19.78% |       24375      3.09%     22.87% |       24376      3.09%     25.95% |       24373      3.09%     29.04% |       24361      3.09%     32.13% |       24357      3.09%     35.21% |       24368      3.09%     38.30% |       24352      3.08%     41.38% |       24358      3.09%     44.47% |       24358      3.09%     47.55% |       24350      3.08%     50.64% |       24391      3.09%     53.73% |       24371      3.09%     56.81% |       24377      3.09%     59.90% |       24376      3.09%     62.99% |       24360      3.09%     66.07% |       24377      3.09%     69.16% |       24368      3.09%     72.25% |       24365      3.09%     75.33% |       24376      3.09%     78.42% |       24351      3.08%     81.51% |       24342      3.08%     84.59% |       24337      3.08%     87.67% |       24340      3.08%     90.75% |       24325      3.08%     93.84% |       24333      3.08%     96.92% |       24339      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       789504                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       16333      3.34%      3.34% |       15242      3.11%      6.45% |       15252      3.12%      9.56% |       15229      3.11%     12.67% |       15204      3.11%     15.78% |       15166      3.10%     18.88% |       15213      3.11%     21.98% |       15224      3.11%     25.09% |       15370      3.14%     28.23% |       15248      3.11%     31.35% |       15299      3.12%     34.47% |       15251      3.11%     37.59% |       15317      3.13%     40.72% |       15290      3.12%     43.84% |       15283      3.12%     46.96% |       15230      3.11%     50.07% |       15317      3.13%     53.20% |       15265      3.12%     56.32% |       15279      3.12%     59.44% |       15219      3.11%     62.55% |       15251      3.11%     65.66% |       15299      3.12%     68.79% |       15253      3.12%     71.90% |       15209      3.11%     75.01% |       15379      3.14%     78.15% |       15374      3.14%     81.29% |       15311      3.13%     84.41% |       15246      3.11%     87.53% |       15264      3.12%     90.65% |       15293      3.12%     93.77% |       15269      3.12%     96.89% |       15235      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       489614                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       51690      3.94%      3.94% |       40668      3.10%      7.04% |       40690      3.10%     10.14% |       40660      3.10%     13.23% |       40625      3.09%     16.33% |       40583      3.09%     19.42% |       40634      3.10%     22.52% |       40646      3.10%     25.61% |       40789      3.11%     28.72% |       40655      3.10%     31.82% |       40701      3.10%     34.92% |       40664      3.10%     38.02% |       40714      3.10%     41.12% |       40693      3.10%     44.22% |       40686      3.10%     47.32% |       40625      3.09%     50.41% |       40753      3.10%     53.52% |       40682      3.10%     56.62% |       40702      3.10%     59.72% |       40641      3.10%     62.81% |       40657      3.10%     65.91% |       40723      3.10%     69.01% |       40667      3.10%     72.11% |       40619      3.09%     75.20% |       40800      3.11%     78.31% |       40772      3.11%     81.42% |       40699      3.10%     84.52% |       40628      3.10%     87.61% |       40649      3.10%     90.71% |       40664      3.10%     93.81% |       40649      3.10%     96.91% |       40621      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1312649                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       50666      3.96%      3.96% |       39644      3.10%      7.06% |       39666      3.10%     10.16% |       39636      3.10%     13.25% |       39601      3.09%     16.35% |       39559      3.09%     19.44% |       39610      3.09%     22.53% |       39622      3.10%     25.63% |       39765      3.11%     28.73% |       39631      3.10%     31.83% |       39677      3.10%     34.93% |       39640      3.10%     38.03% |       39690      3.10%     41.13% |       39669      3.10%     44.23% |       39662      3.10%     47.33% |       39601      3.09%     50.42% |       39729      3.10%     53.53% |       39658      3.10%     56.62% |       39678      3.10%     59.72% |       39617      3.10%     62.82% |       39633      3.10%     65.92% |       39699      3.10%     69.02% |       39643      3.10%     72.12% |       39595      3.09%     75.21% |       39776      3.11%     78.32% |       39748      3.11%     81.42% |       39675      3.10%     84.52% |       39604      3.09%     87.62% |       39625      3.10%     90.71% |       39640      3.10%     93.81% |       39625      3.10%     96.91% |       39597      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1279881                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         229      5.50%      5.50% |          88      2.11%      7.61% |          94      2.26%      9.87% |          92      2.21%     12.08% |          93      2.23%     14.32% |          91      2.19%     16.50% |          96      2.31%     18.81% |          96      2.31%     21.11% |         143      3.44%     24.55% |         129      3.10%     27.65% |         135      3.24%     30.89% |         129      3.10%     33.99% |         127      3.05%     37.04% |         124      2.98%     40.02% |         122      2.93%     42.95% |         125      3.00%     45.95% |         142      3.41%     49.36% |         125      3.00%     52.37% |         128      3.07%     55.44% |         124      2.98%     58.42% |         143      3.44%     61.85% |         145      3.48%     65.34% |         125      3.00%     68.34% |         121      2.91%     71.25% |         185      4.44%     75.69% |         142      3.41%     79.10% |         145      3.48%     82.58% |         143      3.44%     86.02% |         145      3.48%     89.50% |         144      3.46%     92.96% |         148      3.56%     96.52% |         145      3.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         4163                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          12      8.57%      8.57% |           5      3.57%     12.14% |           4      2.86%     15.00% |           5      3.57%     18.57% |           6      4.29%     22.86% |           5      3.57%     26.43% |           4      2.86%     29.29% |           7      5.00%     34.29% |           5      3.57%     37.86% |           5      3.57%     41.43% |           6      4.29%     45.71% |           6      4.29%     50.00% |           5      3.57%     53.57% |           9      6.43%     60.00% |           6      4.29%     64.29% |           3      2.14%     66.43% |           5      3.57%     70.00% |           5      3.57%     73.57% |           3      2.14%     75.71% |           6      4.29%     80.00% |           1      0.71%     80.71% |           3      2.14%     82.86% |           2      1.43%     84.29% |           5      3.57%     87.86% |           5      3.57%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           2      1.43%     92.86% |           2      1.43%     94.29% |           2      1.43%     95.71% |           2      1.43%     97.14% |           3      2.14%     99.29% |           1      0.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total          140                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |           4     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           1      5.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           1      5.00%     40.00% |           1      5.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           1      5.00%     70.00% |           1      5.00%     75.00% |           1      5.00%     80.00% |           1      5.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           1      5.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1499      3.26%      3.26% |        1341      2.92%      6.19% |        1331      2.90%      9.08% |        1328      2.89%     11.98% |        1328      2.89%     14.87% |        1316      2.87%     17.73% |        1354      2.95%     20.68% |        1368      2.98%     23.66% |        1635      3.56%     27.22% |        1458      3.18%     30.40% |        1517      3.30%     33.70% |        1503      3.27%     36.98% |        1559      3.40%     40.37% |        1526      3.32%     43.70% |        1526      3.32%     47.02% |        1506      3.28%     50.30% |        1655      3.60%     53.90% |        1443      3.14%     57.05% |        1439      3.13%     60.18% |        1405      3.06%     63.24% |        1384      3.01%     66.25% |        1469      3.20%     69.45% |        1420      3.09%     72.55% |        1393      3.03%     75.58% |        1586      3.45%     79.03% |        1457      3.17%     82.21% |        1393      3.03%     85.24% |        1351      2.94%     88.18% |        1339      2.92%     91.10% |        1389      3.03%     94.12% |        1370      2.98%     97.11% |        1328      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        45916                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |           4     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           1      5.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           1      5.00%     40.00% |           1      5.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           1      5.00%     70.00% |           1      5.00%     75.00% |           1      5.00%     80.00% |           1      5.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           1      5.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      172136      9.58%      9.58% |       54378      3.03%     12.60% |       49382      2.75%     15.35% |       53089      2.95%     18.30% |       53605      2.98%     21.28% |       49608      2.76%     24.04% |       46081      2.56%     26.61% |       46079      2.56%     29.17% |       51661      2.87%     32.04% |       49946      2.78%     34.82% |       54172      3.01%     37.84% |       51158      2.85%     40.68% |       48417      2.69%     43.38% |       47031      2.62%     45.99% |       47992      2.67%     48.66% |       46732      2.60%     51.26% |       50666      2.82%     54.08% |       48479      2.70%     56.78% |       50016      2.78%     59.56% |       54127      3.01%     62.57% |       54645      3.04%     65.61% |       63495      3.53%     69.14% |       58113      3.23%     72.38% |       53355      2.97%     75.34% |       53595      2.98%     78.32% |       51529      2.87%     81.19% |       52598      2.93%     84.12% |       52400      2.92%     87.03% |       55607      3.09%     90.13% |       55254      3.07%     93.20% |       63562      3.54%     96.74% |       58683      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1797591                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         176     11.53%     11.53% |          48      3.15%     14.68% |          44      2.88%     17.56% |          44      2.88%     20.45% |          42      2.75%     23.20% |          42      2.75%     25.95% |          44      2.88%     28.83% |          44      2.88%     31.72% |          44      2.88%     34.60% |          44      2.88%     37.48% |          42      2.75%     40.24% |          42      2.75%     42.99% |          42      2.75%     45.74% |          42      2.75%     48.49% |          42      2.75%     51.25% |          42      2.75%     54.00% |          42      2.75%     56.75% |          44      2.88%     59.63% |          44      2.88%     62.52% |          44      2.88%     65.40% |          44      2.88%     68.28% |          46      3.01%     71.30% |          44      2.88%     74.18% |          42      2.75%     76.93% |          42      2.75%     79.69% |          46      3.01%     82.70% |          44      2.88%     85.58% |          42      2.75%     88.34% |          42      2.75%     91.09% |          44      2.88%     93.97% |          46      3.01%     96.99% |          46      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1526                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         454      2.89%      6.10% |         438      2.79%      8.89% |         449      2.86%     11.75% |         450      2.87%     14.62% |         430      2.74%     17.36% |         472      3.01%     20.37% |         491      3.13%     23.50% |         505      3.22%     26.72% |         445      2.84%     29.55% |         487      3.10%     32.66% |         498      3.17%     35.83% |         551      3.51%     39.34% |         523      3.33%     42.68% |         510      3.25%     45.93% |         492      3.14%     49.06% |         515      3.28%     52.35% |         532      3.39%     55.74% |         529      3.37%     59.11% |         483      3.08%     62.19% |         474      3.02%     65.21% |         523      3.33%     68.54% |         477      3.04%     71.58% |         450      2.87%     74.45% |         519      3.31%     77.76% |         578      3.68%     81.44% |         522      3.33%     84.77% |         479      3.05%     87.82% |         457      2.91%     90.73% |         512      3.26%     94.00% |         488      3.11%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15690                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       26195      5.17%      5.17% |       15549      3.07%      8.23% |       15578      3.07%     11.31% |       15532      3.06%     14.37% |       15505      3.06%     17.43% |       15479      3.05%     20.48% |       15487      3.05%     23.54% |       15489      3.06%     26.59% |       15578      3.07%     29.67% |       15530      3.06%     32.73% |       15551      3.07%     35.80% |       15479      3.05%     38.85% |       15489      3.06%     41.91% |       15499      3.06%     44.96% |       15507      3.06%     48.02% |       15471      3.05%     51.07% |       15529      3.06%     54.14% |       15470      3.05%     57.19% |       15496      3.06%     60.25% |       15483      3.05%     63.30% |       15495      3.06%     66.36% |       15505      3.06%     69.41% |       15520      3.06%     72.48% |       15495      3.06%     75.53% |       15568      3.07%     78.60% |       15514      3.06%     81.66% |       15494      3.06%     84.72% |       15479      3.05%     87.77% |       15521      3.06%     90.84% |       15480      3.05%     93.89% |       15480      3.05%     96.94% |       15499      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       506946                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       24992      3.16%      3.16% |       24665      3.12%      6.29% |       24674      3.12%      9.41% |       24679      3.12%     12.53% |       24670      3.12%     15.66% |       24674      3.12%     18.78% |       24675      3.12%     21.90% |       24666      3.12%     25.02% |       24706      3.13%     28.15% |       24680      3.12%     31.28% |       24663      3.12%     34.40% |       24687      3.12%     37.52% |       24674      3.12%     40.65% |       24671      3.12%     43.77% |       24669      3.12%     46.89% |       24662      3.12%     50.01% |       24709      3.13%     53.14% |       24680      3.12%     56.26% |       24677      3.12%     59.39% |       24675      3.12%     62.51% |       24688      3.13%     65.64% |       24695      3.13%     68.76% |       24670      3.12%     71.89% |       24674      3.12%     75.01% |       24713      3.13%     78.14% |       24680      3.12%     81.26% |       24683      3.12%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.51% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.12%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       790013                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           9      6.57%      6.57% |           5      3.65%     10.22% |           4      2.92%     13.14% |           4      2.92%     16.06% |           6      4.38%     20.44% |           5      3.65%     24.09% |           4      2.92%     27.01% |           7      5.11%     32.12% |           4      2.92%     35.04% |           5      3.65%     38.69% |           7      5.11%     43.80% |           7      5.11%     48.91% |           5      3.65%     52.55% |           8      5.84%     58.39% |           6      4.38%     62.77% |           4      2.92%     65.69% |           2      1.46%     67.15% |           5      3.65%     70.80% |           4      2.92%     73.72% |           5      3.65%     77.37% |           2      1.46%     78.83% |           5      3.65%     82.48% |           2      1.46%     83.94% |           6      4.38%     88.32% |           3      2.19%     90.51% |           0      0.00%     90.51% |           3      2.19%     92.70% |           1      0.73%     93.43% |           3      2.19%     95.62% |           2      1.46%     97.08% |           3      2.19%     99.27% |           1      0.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total          137                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3378      3.07%      3.07% |        3264      2.97%      6.04% |        3018      2.74%      8.78% |        2999      2.73%     11.51% |        3160      2.87%     14.39% |        3655      3.32%     17.71% |        3264      2.97%     20.68% |        2852      2.59%     23.27% |        3112      2.83%     26.10% |        4788      4.35%     30.45% |        3477      3.16%     33.62% |        3383      3.08%     36.69% |        3061      2.78%     39.48% |        3899      3.55%     43.02% |        3428      3.12%     46.14% |        3275      2.98%     49.12% |        3658      3.33%     52.44% |        3734      3.40%     55.84% |        3233      2.94%     58.78% |        2878      2.62%     61.40% |        2662      2.42%     63.82% |        3276      2.98%     66.80% |        3108      2.83%     69.62% |        2968      2.70%     72.32% |        3210      2.92%     75.24% |        3265      2.97%     78.21% |        2771      2.52%     80.73% |        4223      3.84%     84.57% |        3638      3.31%     87.88% |        4723      4.29%     92.17% |        4595      4.18%     96.35% |        4012      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       109967                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          57     13.07%     13.07% |          21      4.82%     17.89% |          13      2.98%     20.87% |          27      6.19%     27.06% |          10      2.29%     29.36% |          86     19.72%     49.08% |          17      3.90%     52.98% |           7      1.61%     54.59% |           4      0.92%     55.50% |           0      0.00%     55.50% |          13      2.98%     58.49% |           5      1.15%     59.63% |           3      0.69%     60.32% |           4      0.92%     61.24% |          34      7.80%     69.04% |           3      0.69%     69.72% |           8      1.83%     71.56% |           5      1.15%     72.71% |          62     14.22%     86.93% |          18      4.13%     91.06% |           0      0.00%     91.06% |           8      1.83%     92.89% |           3      0.69%     93.58% |           5      1.15%     94.72% |           7      1.61%     96.33% |           0      0.00%     96.33% |           1      0.23%     96.56% |           3      0.69%     97.25% |           5      1.15%     98.39% |           0      0.00%     98.39% |           5      1.15%     99.54% |           2      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          436                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      3.85%      3.85% |           4     15.38%     19.23% |           3     11.54%     30.77% |           2      7.69%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           1      3.85%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           6     23.08%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           2      7.69%     76.92% |           1      3.85%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           1      3.85%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         507      3.23%      3.23% |         455      2.90%      6.13% |         438      2.79%      8.92% |         449      2.86%     11.79% |         451      2.87%     14.66% |         432      2.75%     17.41% |         472      3.01%     20.42% |         490      3.12%     23.55% |         504      3.21%     26.76% |         442      2.82%     29.57% |         488      3.11%     32.69% |         499      3.18%     35.87% |         549      3.50%     39.37% |         522      3.33%     42.69% |         509      3.24%     45.94% |         490      3.12%     49.06% |         513      3.27%     52.33% |         532      3.39%     55.72% |         529      3.37%     59.09% |         480      3.06%     62.15% |         473      3.01%     65.17% |         524      3.34%     68.51% |         479      3.05%     71.56% |         452      2.88%     74.44% |         522      3.33%     77.77% |         579      3.69%     81.46% |         524      3.34%     84.80% |         478      3.05%     87.84% |         455      2.90%     90.75% |         511      3.26%     94.00% |         486      3.10%     97.10% |         455      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        15689                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      3.92%      3.92% |           8      7.84%     11.76% |           7      6.86%     18.63% |           5      4.90%     23.53% |           2      1.96%     25.49% |           5      4.90%     30.39% |           4      3.92%     34.31% |           1      0.98%     35.29% |           1      0.98%     36.27% |           1      0.98%     37.25% |           2      1.96%     39.22% |           3      2.94%     42.16% |           5      4.90%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           4      3.92%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           2      1.96%     52.94% |          11     10.78%     63.73% |           6      5.88%     69.61% |           3      2.94%     72.55% |           1      0.98%     73.53% |           2      1.96%     75.49% |           2      1.96%     77.45% |           4      3.92%     81.37% |           3      2.94%     84.31% |           3      2.94%     87.25% |           2      1.96%     89.22% |           6      5.88%     95.10% |           1      0.98%     96.08% |           2      1.96%     98.04% |           2      1.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       88234     38.64%     38.64% |        5288      2.32%     40.96% |        3199      1.40%     42.36% |        5938      2.60%     44.96% |        5516      2.42%     47.38% |        4332      1.90%     49.27% |        2856      1.25%     50.53% |        2812      1.23%     51.76% |        5277      2.31%     54.07% |        3633      1.59%     55.66% |        6919      3.03%     58.69% |        5141      2.25%     60.94% |        3635      1.59%     62.53% |        3099      1.36%     63.89% |        2749      1.20%     65.09% |        2829      1.24%     66.33% |        4832      2.12%     68.45% |        3313      1.45%     69.90% |        3418      1.50%     71.40% |        4519      1.98%     73.38% |        4481      1.96%     75.34% |       10749      4.71%     80.05% |        7679      3.36%     83.41% |        4161      1.82%     85.23% |        4031      1.77%     87.00% |        3498      1.53%     88.53% |        3047      1.33%     89.86% |        2776      1.22%     91.08% |        4649      2.04%     93.12% |        3996      1.75%     94.87% |        5762      2.52%     97.39% |        5958      2.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       228326                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       32713     12.02%     12.02% |        8872      3.26%     15.27% |        5926      2.18%     17.45% |        6937      2.55%     20.00% |        7914      2.91%     22.91% |        5123      1.88%     24.79% |        3063      1.13%     25.91% |        3112      1.14%     27.06% |        6099      2.24%     29.30% |        6102      2.24%     31.54% |        7039      2.59%     34.12% |        5850      2.15%     36.27% |        4613      1.69%     37.97% |        3762      1.38%     39.35% |        5065      1.86%     41.21% |        3770      1.38%     42.59% |        5596      2.06%     44.65% |        5016      1.84%     46.49% |        6418      2.36%     48.85% |        9445      3.47%     52.32% |        9980      3.67%     55.98% |       12546      4.61%     60.59% |       10244      3.76%     64.35% |        9025      3.31%     67.67% |        9282      3.41%     71.08% |        7836      2.88%     73.95% |        9373      3.44%     77.40% |        9474      3.48%     80.88% |       10761      3.95%     84.83% |       11106      4.08%     88.91% |       17638      6.48%     95.39% |       12558      4.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       272258                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       34242      4.34%      4.34% |       24375      3.09%      7.43% |       24388      3.09%     10.52% |       24382      3.09%     13.60% |       24375      3.09%     16.69% |       24366      3.09%     19.78% |       24371      3.09%     22.87% |       24375      3.09%     25.95% |       24371      3.09%     29.04% |       24359      3.09%     32.13% |       24354      3.09%     35.21% |       24366      3.09%     38.30% |       24349      3.08%     41.38% |       24357      3.09%     44.47% |       24356      3.09%     47.55% |       24349      3.08%     50.64% |       24390      3.09%     53.73% |       24370      3.09%     56.82% |       24374      3.09%     59.90% |       24376      3.09%     62.99% |       24357      3.09%     66.08% |       24373      3.09%     69.16% |       24365      3.09%     72.25% |       24363      3.09%     75.34% |       24337      3.08%     78.42% |       24348      3.08%     81.50% |       24341      3.08%     84.59% |       24336      3.08%     87.67% |       24337      3.08%     90.75% |       24324      3.08%     93.83% |       24332      3.08%     96.92% |       24337      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       789395                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       14654      3.33%      3.33% |       13811      3.14%      6.48% |       13828      3.15%      9.62% |       13808      3.14%     12.76% |       13779      3.13%     15.90% |       13760      3.13%     19.03% |       13764      3.13%     22.16% |       13755      3.13%     25.29% |       13590      3.09%     28.38% |       13659      3.11%     31.49% |       13645      3.10%     34.59% |       13616      3.10%     37.69% |       13630      3.10%     40.79% |       13633      3.10%     43.89% |       13632      3.10%     46.99% |       13598      3.09%     50.08% |       13517      3.07%     53.16% |       13694      3.12%     56.28% |       13713      3.12%     59.39% |       13684      3.11%     62.51% |       13726      3.12%     65.63% |       13686      3.11%     68.74% |       13709      3.12%     71.86% |       13692      3.11%     74.98% |       13642      3.10%     78.08% |       13778      3.13%     81.21% |       13772      3.13%     84.35% |       13751      3.13%     87.48% |       13781      3.14%     90.61% |       13759      3.13%     93.74% |       13749      3.13%     96.87% |       13763      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       439578                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |           4     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           1      5.00%     35.00% |           0      0.00%     35.00% |           1      5.00%     40.00% |           1      5.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           1      5.00%     70.00% |           1      5.00%     75.00% |           1      5.00%     80.00% |           1      5.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           1      5.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      170720      9.71%      9.71% |       53217      3.03%     12.74% |       48211      2.74%     15.49% |       51933      2.96%     18.44% |       52444      2.98%     21.42% |       48444      2.76%     24.18% |       44919      2.56%     26.74% |       44917      2.56%     29.29% |       50197      2.86%     32.15% |       48623      2.77%     34.92% |       52828      3.01%     37.92% |       49844      2.84%     40.76% |       47102      2.68%     43.44% |       45718      2.60%     46.04% |       46671      2.66%     48.70% |       45411      2.58%     51.28% |       49202      2.80%     54.08% |       47267      2.69%     56.77% |       48804      2.78%     59.55% |       52900      3.01%     62.56% |       53418      3.04%     65.59% |       62228      3.54%     69.14% |       56873      3.24%     72.37% |       52118      2.97%     75.34% |       52161      2.97%     78.31% |       50340      2.86%     81.17% |       51409      2.93%     84.09% |       51212      2.91%     87.01% |       54404      3.10%     90.10% |       54059      3.08%     93.18% |       62355      3.55%     96.73% |       57492      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1757441                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           2      2.60%      2.60% |           1      1.30%      3.90% |           2      2.60%      6.49% |           1      1.30%      7.79% |           0      0.00%      7.79% |           4      5.19%     12.99% |           1      1.30%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           1      1.30%     15.58% |           0      0.00%     15.58% |           2      2.60%     18.18% |           1      1.30%     19.48% |           1      1.30%     20.78% |           0      0.00%     20.78% |           0      0.00%     20.78% |           0      0.00%     20.78% |           0      0.00%     20.78% |           0      0.00%     20.78% |           1      1.30%     22.08% |           0      0.00%     22.08% |           2      2.60%     24.68% |           4      5.19%     29.87% |           3      3.90%     33.77% |           2      2.60%     36.36% |          39     50.65%     87.01% |           2      2.60%     89.61% |           1      1.30%     90.91% |           1      1.30%     92.21% |           3      3.90%     96.10% |           1      1.30%     97.40% |           1      1.30%     98.70% |           1      1.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           77                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |        1172      3.41%      3.41% |         976      2.84%      6.25% |         986      2.87%      9.12% |         972      2.83%     11.95% |         974      2.84%     14.79% |         974      2.84%     17.63% |         977      2.84%     20.47% |         979      2.85%     23.32% |        1276      3.72%     27.04% |        1147      3.34%     30.38% |        1166      3.39%     33.77% |        1136      3.31%     37.08% |        1138      3.31%     40.39% |        1135      3.30%     43.70% |        1142      3.32%     47.02% |        1142      3.32%     50.35% |        1287      3.75%     54.09% |        1039      3.03%     57.12% |        1037      3.02%     60.14% |        1055      3.07%     63.21% |        1052      3.06%     66.27% |        1089      3.17%     69.44% |        1065      3.10%     72.54% |        1065      3.10%     75.64% |        1215      3.54%     79.18% |        1017      2.96%     82.14% |        1015      2.96%     85.10% |        1017      2.96%     88.06% |        1028      2.99%     91.05% |        1023      2.98%     94.03% |        1034      3.01%     97.04% |        1017      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total        34347                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          12     24.00%     24.00% |          10     20.00%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |          13     26.00%     70.00% |           8     16.00%     86.00% |           7     14.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           50                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     18.75%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           1      6.25%     25.00% |           1      6.25%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           7     43.75%     81.25% |           2     12.50%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |          11     78.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      4.76%      4.76% |           1      2.38%      7.14% |           1      2.38%      9.52% |           1      2.38%     11.90% |           1      2.38%     14.29% |           2      4.76%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           2      4.76%     23.81% |           1      2.38%     26.19% |           3      7.14%     33.33% |           1      2.38%     35.71% |           2      4.76%     40.48% |           2      4.76%     45.24% |           5     11.90%     57.14% |           1      2.38%     59.52% |           1      2.38%     61.90% |           2      4.76%     66.67% |           1      2.38%     69.05% |           2      4.76%     73.81% |           0      0.00%     73.81% |           1      2.38%     76.19% |           4      9.52%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      2.38%     88.10% |           2      4.76%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      2.38%     95.24% |           1      2.38%     97.62% |           1      2.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           42                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       50666      3.96%      3.96% |       39644      3.10%      7.06% |       39666      3.10%     10.16% |       39636      3.10%     13.25% |       39601      3.09%     16.35% |       39559      3.09%     19.44% |       39610      3.09%     22.53% |       39622      3.10%     25.63% |       39765      3.11%     28.73% |       39631      3.10%     31.83% |       39677      3.10%     34.93% |       39640      3.10%     38.03% |       39690      3.10%     41.13% |       39669      3.10%     44.23% |       39662      3.10%     47.33% |       39601      3.09%     50.42% |       39729      3.10%     53.53% |       39658      3.10%     56.62% |       39678      3.10%     59.72% |       39617      3.10%     62.82% |       39633      3.10%     65.92% |       39699      3.10%     69.02% |       39643      3.10%     72.12% |       39595      3.09%     75.21% |       39776      3.11%     78.32% |       39748      3.11%     81.42% |       39675      3.10%     84.52% |       39604      3.09%     87.62% |       39625      3.10%     90.71% |       39640      3.10%     93.81% |       39625      3.10%     96.91% |       39597      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1279881                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          55     48.67%     48.67% |           0      0.00%     48.67% |           2      1.77%     50.44% |           0      0.00%     50.44% |           0      0.00%     50.44% |           0      0.00%     50.44% |           0      0.00%     50.44% |           0      0.00%     50.44% |           1      0.88%     51.33% |           0      0.00%     51.33% |           1      0.88%     52.21% |           0      0.00%     52.21% |           1      0.88%     53.10% |           0      0.00%     53.10% |           0      0.00%     53.10% |           0      0.00%     53.10% |           0      0.00%     53.10% |           0      0.00%     53.10% |           1      0.88%     53.98% |           0      0.00%     53.98% |           2      1.77%     55.75% |           1      0.88%     56.64% |           1      0.88%     57.52% |           1      0.88%     58.41% |          39     34.51%     92.92% |           1      0.88%     93.81% |           1      0.88%     94.69% |           1      0.88%     95.58% |           2      1.77%     97.35% |           1      0.88%     98.23% |           1      0.88%     99.12% |           1      0.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          113                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           4     22.22%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           3     16.67%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     20.00%     20.00% |           8     80.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           9      7.96%      7.96% |           5      4.42%     12.39% |           3      2.65%     15.04% |           3      2.65%     17.70% |           5      4.42%     22.12% |           4      3.54%     25.66% |           4      3.54%     29.20% |           4      3.54%     32.74% |           4      3.54%     36.28% |           3      2.65%     38.94% |           5      4.42%     43.36% |           6      5.31%     48.67% |           4      3.54%     52.21% |           6      5.31%     57.52% |           4      3.54%     61.06% |           4      3.54%     64.60% |           1      0.88%     65.49% |           5      4.42%     69.91% |           3      2.65%     72.57% |           5      4.42%     76.99% |           2      1.77%     78.76% |           4      3.54%     82.30% |           2      1.77%     84.07% |           5      4.42%     88.50% |           3      2.65%     91.15% |           0      0.00%     91.15% |           2      1.77%     92.92% |           1      0.88%     93.81% |           3      2.65%     96.46% |           2      1.77%     98.23% |           2      1.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          113                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |         174      4.31%      4.31% |          88      2.18%      6.49% |          91      2.26%      8.75% |          91      2.26%     11.01% |          92      2.28%     13.29% |          91      2.26%     15.54% |          95      2.35%     17.90% |          95      2.35%     20.25% |         141      3.50%     23.75% |         128      3.17%     26.92% |         133      3.30%     30.22% |         128      3.17%     33.39% |         125      3.10%     36.49% |         123      3.05%     39.54% |         121      3.00%     42.54% |         124      3.07%     45.61% |         141      3.50%     49.11% |         124      3.07%     52.18% |         126      3.12%     55.30% |         124      3.07%     58.38% |         141      3.50%     61.87% |         144      3.57%     65.44% |         124      3.07%     68.52% |         120      2.97%     71.49% |         146      3.62%     75.11% |         141      3.50%     78.61% |         144      3.57%     82.18% |         142      3.52%     85.70% |         143      3.54%     89.24% |         143      3.54%     92.79% |         147      3.64%     96.43% |         144      3.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total         4034                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           8      5.88%      5.88% |           5      3.68%      9.56% |           4      2.94%     12.50% |           5      3.68%     16.18% |           6      4.41%     20.59% |           5      3.68%     24.26% |           4      2.94%     27.21% |           7      5.15%     32.35% |           5      3.68%     36.03% |           5      3.68%     39.71% |           6      4.41%     44.12% |           6      4.41%     48.53% |           5      3.68%     52.21% |           9      6.62%     58.82% |           6      4.41%     63.24% |           3      2.21%     65.44% |           5      3.68%     69.12% |           5      3.68%     72.79% |           3      2.21%     75.00% |           6      4.41%     79.41% |           1      0.74%     80.15% |           3      2.21%     82.35% |           2      1.47%     83.82% |           5      3.68%     87.50% |           5      3.68%     91.18% |           0      0.00%     91.18% |           2      1.47%     92.65% |           2      1.47%     94.12% |           2      1.47%     95.59% |           2      1.47%     97.06% |           3      2.21%     99.26% |           1      0.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total          136                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         990      3.28%      3.28% |         883      2.93%      6.21% |         891      2.95%      9.16% |         876      2.90%     12.06% |         876      2.90%     14.97% |         878      2.91%     17.87% |         878      2.91%     20.78% |         877      2.91%     23.69% |        1130      3.74%     27.43% |        1014      3.36%     30.79% |        1027      3.40%     34.20% |        1002      3.32%     37.52% |        1008      3.34%     40.86% |        1003      3.32%     44.18% |        1015      3.36%     47.55% |        1015      3.36%     50.91% |        1141      3.78%     54.69% |         910      3.02%     57.71% |         908      3.01%     60.72% |         925      3.07%     63.78% |         910      3.02%     66.80% |         942      3.12%     69.92% |         939      3.11%     73.03% |         940      3.11%     76.14% |        1064      3.53%     79.67% |         876      2.90%     82.57% |         869      2.88%     85.45% |         873      2.89%     88.35% |         883      2.93%     91.27% |         878      2.91%     94.18% |         884      2.93%     97.11% |         872      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total        30177                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           2     50.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         507      3.23%      3.23% |         455      2.90%      6.13% |         438      2.79%      8.92% |         449      2.86%     11.79% |         451      2.87%     14.66% |         432      2.75%     17.41% |         472      3.01%     20.42% |         490      3.12%     23.55% |         504      3.21%     26.76% |         442      2.82%     29.57% |         488      3.11%     32.69% |         499      3.18%     35.87% |         549      3.50%     39.37% |         522      3.33%     42.69% |         509      3.24%     45.94% |         490      3.12%     49.06% |         513      3.27%     52.33% |         532      3.39%     55.72% |         529      3.37%     59.09% |         480      3.06%     62.15% |         473      3.01%     65.17% |         524      3.34%     68.51% |         479      3.05%     71.56% |         452      2.88%     74.44% |         522      3.33%     77.77% |         579      3.69%     81.46% |         524      3.34%     84.80% |         478      3.05%     87.84% |         455      2.90%     90.75% |         511      3.26%     94.00% |         486      3.10%     97.10% |         455      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        15689                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           1      6.25%     25.00% |           1      6.25%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       26195      5.17%      5.17% |       15549      3.07%      8.23% |       15578      3.07%     11.31% |       15532      3.06%     14.37% |       15505      3.06%     17.43% |       15479      3.05%     20.48% |       15487      3.05%     23.54% |       15489      3.06%     26.59% |       15578      3.07%     29.67% |       15530      3.06%     32.73% |       15551      3.07%     35.80% |       15479      3.05%     38.85% |       15489      3.06%     41.91% |       15499      3.06%     44.96% |       15507      3.06%     48.02% |       15471      3.05%     51.07% |       15529      3.06%     54.14% |       15470      3.05%     57.19% |       15496      3.06%     60.25% |       15483      3.05%     63.30% |       15495      3.06%     66.36% |       15505      3.06%     69.41% |       15520      3.06%     72.48% |       15495      3.06%     75.53% |       15568      3.07%     78.60% |       15514      3.06%     81.66% |       15494      3.06%     84.72% |       15479      3.05%     87.77% |       15521      3.06%     90.84% |       15480      3.05%     93.89% |       15480      3.05%     96.94% |       15499      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       506946                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         454      2.89%      6.10% |         438      2.79%      8.89% |         449      2.86%     11.75% |         450      2.87%     14.62% |         430      2.74%     17.36% |         472      3.01%     20.37% |         491      3.13%     23.50% |         505      3.22%     26.72% |         445      2.84%     29.55% |         487      3.10%     32.66% |         498      3.17%     35.83% |         551      3.51%     39.34% |         523      3.33%     42.68% |         510      3.25%     45.93% |         492      3.14%     49.06% |         515      3.28%     52.35% |         532      3.39%     55.74% |         529      3.37%     59.11% |         483      3.08%     62.19% |         474      3.02%     65.21% |         523      3.33%     68.54% |         477      3.04%     71.58% |         450      2.87%     74.45% |         519      3.31%     77.76% |         578      3.68%     81.44% |         522      3.33%     84.77% |         479      3.05%     87.82% |         457      2.91%     90.73% |         512      3.26%     94.00% |         488      3.11%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15690                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       24992      3.16%      3.16% |       24665      3.12%      6.29% |       24674      3.12%      9.41% |       24679      3.12%     12.53% |       24670      3.12%     15.66% |       24674      3.12%     18.78% |       24675      3.12%     21.90% |       24666      3.12%     25.02% |       24706      3.13%     28.15% |       24680      3.12%     31.28% |       24663      3.12%     34.40% |       24687      3.12%     37.52% |       24674      3.12%     40.65% |       24671      3.12%     43.77% |       24669      3.12%     46.89% |       24662      3.12%     50.01% |       24709      3.13%     53.14% |       24680      3.12%     56.26% |       24677      3.12%     59.39% |       24675      3.12%     62.51% |       24688      3.13%     65.64% |       24695      3.13%     68.76% |       24670      3.12%     71.89% |       24674      3.12%     75.01% |       24713      3.13%     78.14% |       24680      3.12%     81.26% |       24683      3.12%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.51% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.12%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       790013                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.17%      4.17% |           4      8.33%     12.50% |           5     10.42%     22.92% |           3      6.25%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           1      2.08%     31.25% |           1      2.08%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      2.08%     35.42% |           6     12.50%     47.92% |           0      0.00%     47.92% |           2      4.17%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           7     14.58%     66.67% |           5     10.42%     77.08% |           1      2.08%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           1      2.08%     81.25% |           1      2.08%     83.33% |           1      2.08%     85.42% |           1      2.08%     87.50% |           5     10.42%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           1      2.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           48                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      172134      9.58%      9.58% |       54374      3.02%     12.60% |       49377      2.75%     15.35% |       53086      2.95%     18.30% |       53605      2.98%     21.28% |       49608      2.76%     24.04% |       46081      2.56%     26.61% |       46079      2.56%     29.17% |       51660      2.87%     32.04% |       49945      2.78%     34.82% |       54172      3.01%     37.84% |       51157      2.85%     40.68% |       48411      2.69%     43.38% |       47031      2.62%     45.99% |       47990      2.67%     48.66% |       46732      2.60%     51.26% |       50666      2.82%     54.08% |       48479      2.70%     56.78% |       50009      2.78%     59.56% |       54122      3.01%     62.57% |       54644      3.04%     65.61% |       63495      3.53%     69.14% |       58113      3.23%     72.37% |       53355      2.97%     75.34% |       53594      2.98%     78.32% |       51528      2.87%     81.19% |       52597      2.93%     84.12% |       52399      2.92%     87.03% |       55602      3.09%     90.13% |       55254      3.07%     93.20% |       63561      3.54%     96.74% |       58683      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1797543                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           1      7.14%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |           4     22.22%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           1      5.56%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           18                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       37876     12.76%     12.76% |      148378     50.00%     62.76% |        4699      1.58%     64.35% |        3704      1.25%     65.59% |        4622      1.56%     67.15% |        3837      1.29%     68.45% |        3667      1.24%     69.68% |        4939      1.66%     71.35% |        3191      1.08%     72.42% |        4473      1.51%     73.93% |        4139      1.39%     75.32% |        3471      1.17%     76.49% |        3575      1.20%     77.70% |        3517      1.19%     78.88% |        3150      1.06%     79.94% |        3347      1.13%     81.07% |        4404      1.48%     82.56% |        3593      1.21%     83.77% |        3418      1.15%     84.92% |        3281      1.11%     86.02% |        3217      1.08%     87.11% |        3251      1.10%     88.20% |        3131      1.06%     89.26% |        3022      1.02%     90.28% |        3118      1.05%     91.33% |        4460      1.50%     92.83% |        3254      1.10%     93.93% |        3993      1.35%     95.27% |        3298      1.11%     96.38% |        3591      1.21%     97.59% |        3453      1.16%     98.76% |        3687      1.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       296756                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       37876     12.76%     12.76% |      148378     50.00%     62.76% |        4699      1.58%     64.35% |        3704      1.25%     65.59% |        4622      1.56%     67.15% |        3837      1.29%     68.45% |        3667      1.24%     69.68% |        4939      1.66%     71.35% |        3191      1.08%     72.42% |        4473      1.51%     73.93% |        4139      1.39%     75.32% |        3471      1.17%     76.49% |        3575      1.20%     77.70% |        3517      1.19%     78.88% |        3150      1.06%     79.94% |        3347      1.13%     81.07% |        4404      1.48%     82.56% |        3593      1.21%     83.77% |        3418      1.15%     84.92% |        3281      1.11%     86.02% |        3217      1.08%     87.11% |        3251      1.10%     88.20% |        3131      1.06%     89.26% |        3022      1.02%     90.28% |        3118      1.05%     91.33% |        4460      1.50%     92.83% |        3254      1.10%     93.93% |        3993      1.35%     95.27% |        3298      1.11%     96.38% |        3591      1.21%     97.59% |        3453      1.16%     98.76% |        3687      1.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       296756                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       37876     12.76%     12.76% |      148378     50.00%     62.76% |        4699      1.58%     64.35% |        3704      1.25%     65.59% |        4622      1.56%     67.15% |        3837      1.29%     68.45% |        3667      1.24%     69.68% |        4939      1.66%     71.35% |        3191      1.08%     72.42% |        4473      1.51%     73.93% |        4139      1.39%     75.32% |        3471      1.17%     76.49% |        3575      1.20%     77.70% |        3517      1.19%     78.88% |        3150      1.06%     79.94% |        3347      1.13%     81.07% |        4404      1.48%     82.56% |        3593      1.21%     83.77% |        3418      1.15%     84.92% |        3281      1.11%     86.02% |        3217      1.08%     87.11% |        3251      1.10%     88.20% |        3131      1.06%     89.26% |        3022      1.02%     90.28% |        3118      1.05%     91.33% |        4460      1.50%     92.83% |        3254      1.10%     93.93% |        3993      1.35%     95.27% |        3298      1.11%     96.38% |        3591      1.21%     97.59% |        3453      1.16%     98.76% |        3687      1.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       296756                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       37876     12.76%     12.76% |      148378     50.00%     62.76% |        4699      1.58%     64.35% |        3704      1.25%     65.59% |        4622      1.56%     67.15% |        3837      1.29%     68.45% |        3667      1.24%     69.68% |        4939      1.66%     71.35% |        3191      1.08%     72.42% |        4473      1.51%     73.93% |        4139      1.39%     75.32% |        3471      1.17%     76.49% |        3575      1.20%     77.70% |        3517      1.19%     78.88% |        3150      1.06%     79.94% |        3347      1.13%     81.07% |        4404      1.48%     82.56% |        3593      1.21%     83.77% |        3418      1.15%     84.92% |        3281      1.11%     86.02% |        3217      1.08%     87.11% |        3251      1.10%     88.20% |        3131      1.06%     89.26% |        3022      1.02%     90.28% |        3118      1.05%     91.33% |        4460      1.50%     92.83% |        3254      1.10%     93.93% |        3993      1.35%     95.27% |        3298      1.11%     96.38% |        3591      1.21%     97.59% |        3453      1.16%     98.76% |        3687      1.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       296756                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
