
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.091824                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 91823978000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5267992056500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  20921                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    37101                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               47130144                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5577444                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1948.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    40759872                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      72283931                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21447360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21447360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11997312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       11997312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       335115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             335115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       187458                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            187458                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    233570364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            233570364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    130655546                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           130655546                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    364225911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           364225911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     335115                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    187458                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   335115                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  187458                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21444224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   3136                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               11997120                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21447360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            11997312                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    49                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            21170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            20916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            20966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            21052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            21224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           21238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            11594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            11743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            11769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            11742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            11702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            12020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            11630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            11751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            12009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            11792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           11584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           11794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           11420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           11382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           11676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    26556                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     5111                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  91823392000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               335115                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              187458                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 134625                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  17676                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  15500                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  13772                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  12820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  11779                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                  10881                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   9992                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   8621                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   7727                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  6771                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  6113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  5419                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  4769                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  4316                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  3832                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  3560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  3137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  2883                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  2595                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  2413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  2204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  2087                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1886                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  1776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  1648                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  1563                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  1502                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  1498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  1488                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  1668                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 28545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  31036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  33191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  34005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  34183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  34086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   6339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   5724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   8894                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       155875                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   214.539086                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   160.117888                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   175.059054                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        50933     32.68%     32.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44011     28.23%     60.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        40972     26.29%     87.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7265      4.66%     91.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7576      4.86%     96.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1678      1.08%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1141      0.73%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          888      0.57%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1411      0.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       155875                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31551                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.619537                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.045121                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        31544     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        31551                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31551                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.941333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.658861                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.337854                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          27465     87.05%     87.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2465      7.81%     94.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          943      2.99%     97.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          678      2.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        31551                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 27951301663                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            34233789163                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1675330000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    83420.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              102170.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      233.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      130.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   233.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   130.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.44                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  255828                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 110817                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                76.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               59.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    175714.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   70.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15182528500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3066180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    73574930500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              593573400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              584841600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              323874375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              319110000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1310376600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1303130400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            608802480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            605905920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         5997448080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         5997448080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        37877682465                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        37155621285                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        21868066500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        22501453500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          68579823900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          68467510785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          746.865663                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          745.642522                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     21037376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          21037376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11572480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       11572480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       328709                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             328709                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       180820                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            180820                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    229105474                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            229105474                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    126028955                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           126028955                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    355134429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           355134429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     328710                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    180820                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   328710                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  180820                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              21034816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   2624                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               11572480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               21037440                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            11572480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    41                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            20349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           20221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           20094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           20287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            11200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            11363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            11338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            11340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            11321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            11218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            11333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            11542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            11355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           11190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           11364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           11009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           10968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           11379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           11274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    24100                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     4720                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  91823347000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               328710                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              180820                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 131931                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  15716                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  14973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  14270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  13092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  12159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                  11120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   9903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   8435                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   7508                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  6729                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  6073                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  5364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  4812                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  4243                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  3904                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  3500                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  3245                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  2917                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  2639                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  2455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  2288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  2131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  2003                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  1902                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  1724                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  1593                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  1557                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  1496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  1535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  1572                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 25880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  29881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  31892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  32653                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  32978                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  32939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   6332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   5660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   8485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       147338                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.306438                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.830301                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   178.746854                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        46835     31.79%     31.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39339     26.70%     58.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        40954     27.80%     86.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7402      5.02%     91.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7565      5.13%     96.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1774      1.20%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1124      0.76%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          896      0.61%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1449      0.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       147338                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        30370                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.822061                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.177445                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        30364     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        30370                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        30370                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.953902                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.662762                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.375522                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          26383     86.87%     86.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2321      7.64%     94.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1006      3.31%     97.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          660      2.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        30370                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 26822085586                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            32984629336                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1643345000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    81608.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              100358.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      229.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      126.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   229.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   126.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.41                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  252669                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 109476                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                76.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               60.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    180211.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   71.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15378876750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3066180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    73378463250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              562358160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              551502000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              306842250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              300918750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1287273000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1276314000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            587975760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            583705440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         5997448080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         5997448080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        37371683205                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        36413734365                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        22311925500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        23152231500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          68425505955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          68275854135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          745.185070                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          743.555293                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     21033408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          21033408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     11579520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       11579520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       328647                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             328647                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       180930                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            180930                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    229062261                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            229062261                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    126105624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           126105624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    355167884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           355167884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     328647                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    180930                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   328647                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  180930                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              21031936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               11579328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               21033408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            11579520                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            20247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           20285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           20035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           20276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            11187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            11377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            11357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            11333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            11311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            11591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            11225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            11364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            11534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            11363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           11187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           11388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           11041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           10978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           11279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    26401                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     5014                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  91823853000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               328647                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              180930                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 131977                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  15136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  14479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  13844                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  12816                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  11997                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  10667                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   9659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   8267                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   7379                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  6619                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  5929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  5199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  4736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  4286                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  3867                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  3496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  3211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  2952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  2692                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  2562                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  2277                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  2186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  2109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  1915                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  1828                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  1720                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  1679                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  1583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  1551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  1645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 28361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  29834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  31756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  32502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  32862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  32830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   6400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   5819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   8927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       147320                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.363019                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.933030                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   178.710825                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        46803     31.77%     31.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39045     26.50%     58.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        41274     28.02%     86.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7376      5.01%     91.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7599      5.16%     96.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1755      1.19%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1109      0.75%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          898      0.61%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1461      0.99%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       147320                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        30340                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.830719                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.182315                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        30335     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        30340                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        30340                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.963316                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.670106                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.382837                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          26265     86.57%     86.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2398      7.90%     94.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1004      3.31%     97.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          673      2.22%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        30340                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 27581538028                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            33743238028                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1643120000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    83930.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              102680.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      229.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      126.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   229.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   126.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.42                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  252554                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 109676                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                76.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               60.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    180196.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   71.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15426330250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3066180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    73331338750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              563386320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              550352880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              307403250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              300291750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1286383800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1276875600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            588027600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            584379360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         5997448080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         5997448080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        37262776725                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        36342821520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        22407457500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        23214435750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          68412883275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          68266604940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          745.047603                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          743.454565                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     21019264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          21019264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     11582720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       11582720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       328426                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             328426                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       180980                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            180980                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    228908227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            228908227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    126140473                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           126140473                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    355048700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           355048700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     328427                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    180980                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   328427                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  180980                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              21017984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               11582720                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               21019328                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            11582720                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            20269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           20278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           20088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           20343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            11192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            11323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            11374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            11363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            11314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            11233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            11372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            11571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            11360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           11189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           11384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           11048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           10993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           11392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           11272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    25636                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     4856                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  91823236500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               328427                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              180980                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 131497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  15132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  14438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  13657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  12705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  11848                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  10721                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   9686                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   8454                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   7475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  6698                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  6051                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  5404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  4901                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  4576                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  4052                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  3801                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  3364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  3149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  2790                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  2545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  2301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  2135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  2009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  1911                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  1757                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  1677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  1636                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  1529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  1492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  1550                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 27465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  29800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  31876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  32664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  32881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  32817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   6406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   5737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   8799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       146899                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.924234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   165.304066                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   179.397805                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        46431     31.61%     31.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39192     26.68%     58.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        41119     27.99%     86.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7298      4.97%     91.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7546      5.14%     96.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1772      1.21%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1163      0.79%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          911      0.62%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1467      1.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       146899                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        30308                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.835291                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.735458                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        30298     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        30308                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        30308                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.971361                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.674594                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.397075                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          26167     86.34%     86.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2497      8.24%     94.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          960      3.17%     97.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          684      2.26%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        30308                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 27658688020                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            33816300520                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1642030000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    84221.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              102971.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      228.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      126.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   228.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   126.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.42                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  252583                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 109902                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                76.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               60.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    180255.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   71.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15152011250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3066180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    73605328750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              559099800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              551456640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              305064375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              300894000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1284355800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1277179800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            588196080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            584554320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         5997448080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         5997448080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        37111892310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        36324340695                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        22539812250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        23230647000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          68385868695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          68266520535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          744.753402                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          743.453646                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          793                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3987                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4871                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              491000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              470124                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              115624                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1792000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                512                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                5119                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               17150816                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 41.152897                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                30.812365                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                50.698197                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    17118833     99.81%     99.81% |       31978      0.19%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 17150816                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     32006387                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.272642                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.789117                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      2.429089                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    28895765     90.28%     90.28% |     1912516      5.98%     96.26% |      662372      2.07%     98.33% |      299263      0.94%     99.26% |      131998      0.41%     99.67% |       57566      0.18%     99.85% |       24949      0.08%     99.93% |       12695      0.04%     99.97% |        9263      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      32006387                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            2048                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            20479                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            32006384                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              30.172187                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.474535                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            163.547745                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    31981062     99.92%     99.92% |       15021      0.05%     99.97% |        7437      0.02%     99.99% |        2305      0.01%    100.00% |         361      0.00%    100.00% |         137      0.00%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              32006384                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        28892601                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.009205                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.006977                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.142906                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    28744633     99.49%     99.49% |       70022      0.24%     99.73% |       43095      0.15%     99.88% |       29658      0.10%     99.98% |        5185      0.02%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          28892601                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        3113783                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        282.215824                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       178.837253                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       452.291140                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     3088461     99.19%     99.19% |       15021      0.48%     99.67% |        7437      0.24%     99.91% |        2305      0.07%     99.98% |         361      0.01%     99.99% |         137      0.00%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          3113783                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    83886080                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    4194304                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         587158                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       587158                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          284                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          250                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          289                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          260                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     19437710                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       691672                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     20129382                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      9082934                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123506                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      9206440                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       715628                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        30706                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       230628                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1718708                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        54387                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           18                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           18                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12763                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78517                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        91280                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        34150                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        13457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80431                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        93888                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        34987                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12257                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        76415                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        88672                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        33339                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12419                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        76253                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        88672                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        33093                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12878                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78402                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        91280                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        34242                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12543                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78737                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        91280                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        34416                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12194                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        76478                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        88672                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        33268                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12952                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78323                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        91275                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        34144                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12009                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses        74051                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        86060                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles        32245                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12537                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78743                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        91280                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles        34432                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12812                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78465                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        91277                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles        34265                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12576                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses        76096                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        88672                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles        33205                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12447                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses        76225                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        88672                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles        33211                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits        13222                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80666                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        93888                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles        35158                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12379                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses        76293                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        88672                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles        33093                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12174                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses        76498                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        88672                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles        33226                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits        11329                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses        72121                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        83450                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.fully_busy_cycles        31391                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12865                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78411                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        91276                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.fully_busy_cycles        34175                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12215                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses        76457                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        88672                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.fully_busy_cycles        33296                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits        11772                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses        74286                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        86058                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.fully_busy_cycles        32371                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12322                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses        76350                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        88672                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.fully_busy_cycles        33186                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12331                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses        76341                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        88672                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.fully_busy_cycles        33199                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12299                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses        76373                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        88672                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.fully_busy_cycles        33285                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12975                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78298                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        91273                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.fully_busy_cycles        34084                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12528                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses        76144                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        88672                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.fully_busy_cycles        33020                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12375                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses        76297                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        88672                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.fully_busy_cycles        33300                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12263                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses        76409                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        88672                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.fully_busy_cycles        33292                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12201                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses        76471                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        88672                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.fully_busy_cycles        33409                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits        10391                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67839                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78230                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.fully_busy_cycles        29590                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits        12472                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses        76200                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        88672                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.fully_busy_cycles        33076                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       114484                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        51298                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       165782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        50847                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        44641                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        95488                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        51643                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        44740                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        96383                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        51175                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        44642                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        95817                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        50590                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        44658                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        95248                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        50024                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        44678                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        94702                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        48981                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        44727                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        93708                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        49212                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        44663                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        93875                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        50728                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        44699                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        95427                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        50191                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        44704                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        94895                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        50409                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        44705                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        95114                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        50196                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        44602                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        94798                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        49391                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        44609                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        94000                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        49692                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        44607                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        94299                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        52187                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        44684                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        96871                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        50240                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        44596                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        94836                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        49688                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        44531                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        94219                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        49987                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        44637                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        94624                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        50328                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        44674                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        95002                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        49512                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        44680                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        94192                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        50647                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        44503                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        95150                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        50336                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        44572                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        94908                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        50946                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        44548                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        95494                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        50418                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        44606                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        95024                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        53509                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        44579                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        98088                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        54338                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        44604                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        98942                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        49747                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        44557                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        94304                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        49909                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        44551                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        94460                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        49545                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        44614                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        94159                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        48760                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        44665                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        93425                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        49371                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        44644                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        94015                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        51820                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        44716                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        96536                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles        48473                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     15863228                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     15863228                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16344760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15863228                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7506742                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7469060                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     15863227                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.086378                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     10047218                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     10047218                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10701437                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10047218                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5819687                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5712490                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     10047218                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.054709                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      7452382                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      7452382                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7801425                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7452382                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3247926                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3223810                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      7452382                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.040580                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      6997011                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      6997011                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7363260                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6997011                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3161502                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3138455                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      6997011                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.038100                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      7958303                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      7958303                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8372856                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7958303                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3882515                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3848739                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      7958303                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.043335                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      8408013                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      8408013                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8927864                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8408013                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4128085                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4084341                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      8408013                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.045783                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      9236055                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      9236055                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9715996                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9236055                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3955155                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3921547                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      9236055                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.050292                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      7846267                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      7846267                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8332399                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7846267                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3673854                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3638763                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      7846267                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.042724                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      4809095                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      4809095                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5026327                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4809095                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2201006                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2177383                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      4809095                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.026186                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      5724493                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      5724493                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6027833                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5724493                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2778630                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2754405                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      5724493                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.031171                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      5667832                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      5667832                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5999585                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5667832                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2622301                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2586456                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      5667832                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.030862                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      5084782                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      5084782                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5297096                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5084782                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2269395                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2251434                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      5084782                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.027688                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      6195081                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      6195081                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6506244                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6195081                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2933335                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2908677                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      6195081                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.033733                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      5873234                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      5873234                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6175053                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5873234                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2658458                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2630322                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      5873234                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.031981                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      4061596                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      4061596                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4260358                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4061596                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1932275                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1910964                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      4061596                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.022116                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      5471519                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      5471519                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5790853                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5471519                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2616228                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2584355                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      5471519                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.029794                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      6235306                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      6235306                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6548019                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6235306                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2892567                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2868262                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      6235306                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.033952                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      5750715                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      5750715                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6053156                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5750715                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2779849                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2760739                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      5750715                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.031314                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      5534055                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      5534055                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5823335                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5534055                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2641783                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2614727                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      5534055                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.030134                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      4075250                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      4075250                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4297377                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4075250                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1942805                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1914738                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      4075250                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.022191                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      2912538                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      2912538                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2987031                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2912538                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1359397                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1352526                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      2912538                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.015859                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      3766571                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      3766571                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3918523                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3766571                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1810866                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1800971                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      3766571                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.020510                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      3764629                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      3764629                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3946547                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3764629                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1763902                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1751449                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      3764629                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.020499                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      2642529                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      2642529                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2722967                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2642529                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1241073                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1233553                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      2642529                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.014389                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      2892889                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      2892889                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2968230                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2892889                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1324606                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1317053                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      2892889                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.015752                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      3778606                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      3778606                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3941238                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3778606                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1810941                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1799850                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      3778606                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.020575                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      3742167                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      3742167                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3916587                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3742167                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1738580                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1727099                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      3742167                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.020377                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      2643950                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      2643950                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2723011                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2643950                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1240096                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1232186                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      2643950                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.014397                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      8406438                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      8406438                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9200622                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8406438                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3713414                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3666638                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      8406438                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.045775                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      8701449                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      8701449                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9400496                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8701449                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3842387                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3807813                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      8701449                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.047381                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      9180503                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      9180503                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10145958                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9180503                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4113297                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4045091                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      9180503                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.049990                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      9511604                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      9511604                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10417554                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9511604                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4253125                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4199576                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      9511604                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.051793                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    13057469     27.74%     27.74% |    30902101     65.66%     93.41% |     3102897      6.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     47062467                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    13057470     27.74%     27.74% |    30902102     65.66%     93.41% |     3102898      6.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     47062470                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   461070048                       |   848397904                       |    81086691                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   333398412                       |   148812469                       |     3171740                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   35.310828                       |   27.454376                       |   26.132576                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   25.533157                       |    4.815610                       |    1.022187                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    29.546999                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    10.313582                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         39.860581                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.004372                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.093400      6.94%      6.94% |    0.092875      6.90%     13.83% |    0.092417      6.86%     20.70% |    0.091999      6.83%     27.53% |    0.220336     16.36%     43.89% |    0.220208     16.35%     60.24% |    0.220094     16.34%     76.59% |    0.219876     16.33%     92.92% |    0.023849      1.77%     94.69% |    0.023852      1.77%     96.46% |    0.023841      1.77%     98.23% |    0.023838      1.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.346586                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.034073                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.023687                       |    0.000000                       |    0.001710                       |    0.001751                       |    0.001676                       |    0.001674                       |    0.001712                       |    0.001720                       |    0.001688                       |    0.001702                       |    0.001634                       |    0.001700                       |    0.001710                       |    0.001649                       |    0.001685                       |    0.001758                       |    0.001676                       |    0.001679                       |    0.001590                       |    0.001694                       |    0.001687                       |    0.001641                       |    0.001690                       |    0.001684                       |    0.001681                       |    0.001711                       |    0.001660                       |    0.001672                       |    0.001677                       |    0.001677                       |    0.001513                       |    0.001668                       |    0.006444                       |    0.003931                       |    0.003883                       |    0.003916                       |    0.003888                       |    0.003888                       |    0.003880                       |    0.003860                       |    0.003876                       |    0.003948                       |    0.003948                       |    0.003930                       |    0.003911                       |    0.003888                       |    0.003861                       |    0.003867                       |    0.003915                       |    0.003899                       |    0.003908                       |    0.003900                       |    0.003886                       |    0.003970                       |    0.003905                       |    0.003887                       |    0.003900                       |    0.003913                       |    0.003888                       |    0.003911                       |    0.003906                       |    0.003919                       |    0.004005                       |    0.004037                       |    0.010939                       |    0.010728                       |    0.010726                       |    0.010719                       |    0.000131                       |           0                       |    0.002445                       |    0.005648                       |    0.000108                       |    0.000114                       |    0.000107                       |    0.000108                       |    0.000109                       |    0.000111                       |    0.000106                       |    0.000108                       |    0.000104                       |    0.000109                       |    0.000111                       |    0.000109                       |    0.000107                       |    0.000110                       |    0.000106                       |    0.000108                       |    0.000103                       |    0.000109                       |    0.000107                       |    0.000104                       |    0.000104                       |    0.000105                       |    0.000105                       |    0.000109                       |    0.000104                       |    0.000107                       |    0.000103                       |    0.000106                       |    0.000096                       |    0.000106                       |    0.002469                       |    0.003526                       |    0.000133                       |           0                       |    0.000107                       |    0.005313                       |    0.004311                       |    0.002470                       |    0.003513                       |    0.000106                       |    0.006220                       |    0.009403                       |    0.004475                       |    0.002464                       |    0.003528                       |    0.007594                       |    0.000103                       |    0.011431                       |    0.015397                       |    0.005257                       |    0.002533                       |    0.003511                       |    0.000108                       |    0.012115                       |    0.011115                       |    0.011197                       |    0.002593                       |    0.003533                       |    0.000114                       |    0.014390                       |    0.011453                       |    0.006018                       |    0.002468                       |    0.003518                       |    0.007379                       |    0.000106                       |    0.016030                       |    0.011632                       |    0.006247                       |    0.002536                       |    0.003548                       |    0.000109                       |    0.009350                       |    0.006322                       |    0.005822                       |    0.002464                       |    0.003525                       |    0.000105                       |    0.005172                       |    0.004486                       |    0.002401                       |    0.003590                       |    0.000104                       |    0.003828                       |    0.005222                       |    0.005365                       |    0.002526                       |    0.003558                       |    0.000108                       |    0.003773                       |    0.006308                       |    0.009449                       |    0.005448                       |    0.002467                       |    0.003512                       |    0.000107                       |    0.007632                       |    0.011574                       |    0.011729                       |    0.006314                       |    0.026036                       |    0.005339                       |    0.002445                       |    0.005092                       |    0.018026                       |    0.022652                       |    0.006788                       |    0.000001                       |    0.003541                       |    0.005648                       |    0.005176                       |    0.014887                       |    0.018639                       |    0.006817                       |    0.002461                       |    0.003505                       |    0.000108                       |    0.010148                       |    0.010590                       |    0.011569                       |    0.007403                       |    0.002530                       |    0.003542                       |    0.000111                       |    0.005144                       |    0.009313                       |    0.006246                       |    0.006847                       |    0.002524                       |    0.003532                       |    0.000109                       |    0.003744                       |    0.005212                       |    0.005454                       |    0.002467                       |    0.003531                       |    0.000104                       |    0.004176                       |    0.005161                       |    0.005060                       |    0.002392                       |    0.003563                       |    0.000104                       |    0.004142                       |    0.006296                       |    0.009336                       |    0.005028                       |    0.002197                       |    0.003616                       |    0.007381                       |    0.000096                       |    0.004931                       |    0.011482                       |    0.015092                       |    0.005196                       |    0.002528                       |    0.003513                       |    0.000109                       |    0.015989                       |    0.012252                       |    0.010814                       |    0.005087                       |    0.002542                       |    0.003503                       |    0.000111                       |    0.005870                       |    0.014542                       |    0.011074                       |    0.005082                       |    0.002459                       |    0.003611                       |    0.007380                       |    0.000106                       |    0.005913                       |    0.016075                       |    0.011243                       |    0.005006                       |    0.002455                       |    0.003512                       |    0.000109                       |    0.005398                       |    0.009225                       |    0.006168                       |    0.005115                       |    0.002457                       |    0.003520                       |    0.000104                       |    0.004111                       |    0.005132                       |    0.005054                       |    0.002465                       |    0.003519                       |    0.000105                       |    0.003139                       |    0.005161                       |    0.002465                       |    0.003503                       |    0.000107                       |    0.003084                       |    0.003653                       |    0.009303                       |    0.002603                       |    0.003505                       |    0.000110                       |    0.005748                       |    0.006273                       |    0.011555                       |    0.002463                       |    0.003542                       |    0.000106                       |    0.008168                       |    0.009560                       |    0.010113                       |    0.002469                       |    0.003522                       |    0.000108                       |    0.003328                       |    0.011614                       |    0.010272                       |    0.002331                       |    0.003541                       |    0.000103                       |    0.007560                       |    0.010433                       |    0.006166                       |    0.002525                       |    0.003535                       |    0.000109                       |    0.003113                       |    0.009255                       |    0.003653                       |    0.002463                       |    0.003517                       |    0.000107                       |    0.003104                       |    0.005207                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.346586                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         7859919                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      7859919                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       343248                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5689169                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5161078                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.717607                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          526271                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30782                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             12477467                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              73188                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            14150636                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            138488                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         12550655                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        14289124                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  26628103                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  211676                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              26839779                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              9213366                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9555                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          9222921                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   9213366                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9555                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               9222921                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                179898256                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     30673269                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               47546503                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             7859919                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      5687349                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             144043318                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          785310                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             141942                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       177067                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       278755                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3055                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       331125                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           9212761                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        189436                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3806                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    176041186                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.494379                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.694720                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        158661725     90.13%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1722945      0.98%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2531155      1.44%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           679574      0.39%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3822078      2.17%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           996501      0.57%     95.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1340442      0.76%     96.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           400575      0.23%     96.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          5886191      3.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    176041186                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.043691                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.264297                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         11382091                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     152481518                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6095215                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5689700                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         392655                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       83443802                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         392655                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         13779243                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        93210699                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     10676436                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9197081                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      48785065                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       81876015                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59378                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        3866260                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         452543                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       42476240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     88005518                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     193787872                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    121939541                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          350                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      76839669                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11165821                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       292602                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       296310                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          37925209                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      6476076                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     14466191                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1216174                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1053281                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           80415942                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       482296                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          84093242                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       270796                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      8345434                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13316108                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        96380                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    176041186                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.477691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.236872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    142748465     81.09%     81.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13200365      7.50%     88.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      6999687      3.98%     92.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4265673      2.42%     94.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3649590      2.07%     97.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2486556      1.41%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2023766      1.15%     99.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       413924      0.24%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       253160      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    176041186                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          104577     10.38%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         784854     77.88%     88.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        118351     11.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       338339      0.40%      0.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      57027810     67.81%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        43646      0.05%     68.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52043      0.06%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           20      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12302545     14.63%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     14328839     17.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       84093242                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.467449                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1007782                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.011984                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    345505967                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     89251293                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     76921681                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          281                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          403                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          105                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       84762544                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             141                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1439390                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1209223                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2679                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8162                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       557024                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1813                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7196582                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         392655                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5074617                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      84080767                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     80898238                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        98522                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       6476076                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     14466191                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       473441                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          84311                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      83863926                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8162                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123959                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       282485                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       406444                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      83482102                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      12112040                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       400445                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             26279612                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          6536442                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           14167572                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.464052                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               77022340                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              76921786                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          39856724                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          62087379                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.427585                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.641946                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8530926                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       385916                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       356505                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    174628588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.413930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.313864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    147672079     84.56%     84.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11537315      6.61%     91.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      6650145      3.81%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2428754      1.39%     96.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1432830      0.82%     97.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       969755      0.56%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       508698      0.29%     98.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904318      0.52%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2524694      1.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    174628588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     40759871                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       72283928                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               19176008                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5266849                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6092162                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 25                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          71882841                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       448174                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       147642      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     52867180     73.14%     73.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        42333      0.06%     73.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50763      0.07%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5266849      7.29%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     13909159     19.24%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     72283928                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2524694                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            252786257                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           163052975                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85098                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3857070                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3749277                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            40759871                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              72283928                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.413612                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.413612                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.226572                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.226572                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        126355142                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        55828591                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               140                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              125                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          31715329                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         25799097                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        39745538                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         289247                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               4011574500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            4011574499.999995                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.68435e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          512                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         5119                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       8175481                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        54.090650                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       36.440058                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       69.859129                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     8143503     99.61%     99.61% |       31973      0.39%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         8175481                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       8535964                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        29.422904                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       26.482431                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       13.294209                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     8414952     98.58%     98.58% |      117456      1.38%     99.96% |        3141      0.04%    100.00% |         327      0.00%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         8535964                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        439371                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        28.303739                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       25.752406                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev       11.684817                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       54917     12.50%     12.50% |      212884     48.45%     60.95% |      142983     32.54%     93.49% |       27550      6.27%     99.76% |        1014      0.23%     99.99% |          22      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          439371                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          7943251                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           73.510496                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           8.017604                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         271.219477                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     7924248     99.76%     99.76% |       11252      0.14%     99.90% |        5717      0.07%     99.97% |        1681      0.02%    100.00% |         221      0.00%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            7943251                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6046289                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.033565                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.025086                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.281005                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5942818     98.29%     98.29% |       40012      0.66%     98.95% |       32605      0.54%     99.49% |       25695      0.42%     99.91% |        5157      0.09%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6046289                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      1896962                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     298.145409                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    179.173446                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    491.659615                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     1877959     99.00%     99.00% |       11252      0.59%     99.59% |        5717      0.30%     99.89% |        1681      0.09%     99.98% |         221      0.01%     99.99% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       1896962                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         14628351                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           23.346604                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.091121                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         130.270748                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    14622032     99.96%     99.96% |        3769      0.03%     99.98% |        1720      0.01%     99.99% |         624      0.00%    100.00% |         140      0.00%    100.00% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           14628351                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     13549911                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.004644                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.003709                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.089218                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    13505513     99.67%     99.67% |       29911      0.22%     99.89% |       10490      0.08%     99.97% |        3963      0.03%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       13549911                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1078440                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     278.930358                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    198.511359                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    399.589135                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1072121     99.41%     99.41% |        3769      0.35%     99.76% |        1720      0.16%     99.92% |         624      0.06%     99.98% |         140      0.01%     99.99% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1078440                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      9206437                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.127233                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.132998                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      12.066845                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     9203564     99.97%     99.97% |        2569      0.03%    100.00% |         247      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        9206437                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      9082934                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9082934    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      9082934                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123503                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    87.028688                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.111365                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    62.355612                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      120630     97.67%     97.67% |        2569      2.08%     99.75% |         247      0.20%     99.95% |          37      0.03%     99.98% |           9      0.01%     99.99% |           7      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123503                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       227041                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.975419                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.741508                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    34.293626                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      223073     98.25%     98.25% |        3056      1.35%     99.60% |         774      0.34%     99.94% |          70      0.03%     99.97% |          32      0.01%     99.98% |          30      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       227041                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       212191                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000467                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000403                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.021595                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      212092     99.95%     99.95% |          99      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       212191                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        14850                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.640202                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.677556                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    85.748482                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       10882     73.28%     73.28% |        3056     20.58%     93.86% |         774      5.21%     99.07% |          70      0.47%     99.54% |          32      0.22%     99.76% |          30      0.20%     99.96% |           6      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        14850                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.254601                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.423135                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.768155                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         624     95.71%     95.71% |          18      2.76%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    78.785714                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.782348                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    61.005985                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     64.29%     64.29% |           5     17.86%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           3     10.71%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       367404                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      7872182                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        81579                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    23995                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    24723                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    22794                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    23300                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    23738                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    23312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    22213                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    23769                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    21168                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    22453                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   22802                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   21812                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   21896                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   24556                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   23001                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   22805                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   20073                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                   23421                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   21517                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   20944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                   22427                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   22309                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   22225                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   23557                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                   23912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                   21500                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   23329                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                   22294                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                   18653                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                   23382                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  67317                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                  69197                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  65910                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                  65404                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                  67574                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                  68000                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  66491                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                  67543                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                  64928                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                  68859                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                 68510                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                 66892                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                 66808                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                 69364                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                 65703                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                 65899                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                 63415                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                 67891                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                 67187                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                 65152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                 66277                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                 66395                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                 66479                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                 67755                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                 64792                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                 67204                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                 65375                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                 66410                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                 59619                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                 65322                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    60070                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    61526                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    58330                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    57917                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    60140                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    60205                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    58587                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    60051                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    56885                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                    60660                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   60175                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   58556                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                   58560                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                   61899                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   58347                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                   58253                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                   55228                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                   60139                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                   58754                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                   57142                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                   58524                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                   58574                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                   58707                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                   60038                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                   58169                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                   58732                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                   58557                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                   58713                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                   52116                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                   58101                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                91312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                93920                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                88704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                88704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                91312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                91312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                88704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                91312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                86096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                91312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               91312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               88704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               88704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               93920                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               88704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               88704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               83488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses               91312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               88704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               86096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses               88704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               88704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               88704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               91312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses               88704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses               88704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               88704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses               88704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses               78272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses               88704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 7496005                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            140661488085972                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140661487944918                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 7397577                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 7491824                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                38312618                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                38303866                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                38304191                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                38285357                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                38338932                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles               38354107                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles               38274830                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles               38348511                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles               38367783                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles               38222463                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               38223896                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               38312074                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles               38346487                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               38337731                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               38325985                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles               38284396                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               38310858                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               38273185                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles               38322480                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               38219157                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles               38336023                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               38237856                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles               38279418                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles               38360821                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles               38233281                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   66672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   68576                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   64768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   64768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   66672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   66672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   64768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   66672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   62864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   66672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  66672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  64768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  64768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  68576                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  64768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  64768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  60960                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                  66672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                  64768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  62864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                  64768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  64768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                  64768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  66672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                  64768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                  64768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                  64768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                  64768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                  57152                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                  64768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  24640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  25344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  23936                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  23936                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  24640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  24640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  23936                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  24640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  23232                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  24640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 24640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 23936                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 23936                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 25344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 23936                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 23936                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                 22528                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                 24640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                 23936                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                 23232                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                 23936                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                 23936                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                 23936                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 24640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                 23936                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                 23936                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                 23936                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                 23936                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                 21120                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                 23936                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                16247                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                16599                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                15349                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                15725                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                15844                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                15514                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                15296                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                16110                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                14466                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                15330                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               15559                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               14781                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               14952                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               16667                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               15552                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               15466                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               13706                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits               15853                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits               14927                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               14298                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits               15613                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               15336                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits               15278                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               16067                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits               16080                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits               14941                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits               15737                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits               15096                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits               12650                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits               15875                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses              50425                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses              51977                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses              49419                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses              49043                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses              50828                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses              51158                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses              49472                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses              50562                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses              48398                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses              51342                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses             51113                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses             49987                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses             49816                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses             51909                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses             49216                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses             49302                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses             47254                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses             50819                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses             49841                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses             48566                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses             49155                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses             49432                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses             49490                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses             50605                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses             48688                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses             49827                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses             49031                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses             49672                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses             44502                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses             48893                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                7748                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                8124                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                7445                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                7575                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                7894                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                7798                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                6917                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                7659                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                6702                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                7123                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               7243                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               7031                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               6944                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               7889                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               7449                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               7339                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               6367                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               7568                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               6590                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               6646                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits               6814                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               6973                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               6947                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits               7490                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               7832                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits               6559                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               7592                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               7198                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               6003                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               7507                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             16892                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             17220                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             16491                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             16361                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             16746                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             16842                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             17019                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             16981                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses             16530                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses             17517                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses            17397                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses            16905                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses            16992                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses            17455                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses            16487                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses            16597                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses            16161                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses            17072                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses            17346                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses            16586                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses            17122                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses            16963                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses            16989                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses            17150                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses            16104                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses            17377                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses            16344                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses            16738                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses            15117                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses            16429                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       36                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       34                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       34                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       34                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       33                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      34                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      34                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      36                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      34                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      34                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                      32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                      35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                      34                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                      33                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                      34                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                      34                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                      34                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                      35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                      34                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                      34                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                      34                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                      34                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                      30                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                      34                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                7853840                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                7914325                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                7753369                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                7743793                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                7853629                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                7859439                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                7832972                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                7847690                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                7797333                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                7881328                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               7879872                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               7792644                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               7866358                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               7913223                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               7748222                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               7762909                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               7824045                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               7882352                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               7859563                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               7845172                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles               7811469                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               7835445                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               7813594                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               7853578                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles               7749306                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles               7861384                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               7766614                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               7806229                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles               7848065                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles               7751616                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     560                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     576                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     560                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     560                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     560                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     528                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     560                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    560                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    576                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                    560                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    528                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                    544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                    544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    560                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                    544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                    544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                    480                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                    544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               7483260                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               7529779                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               7390165                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               7387134                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               7493785                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               7503210                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               7432690                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               7461683                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               7403273                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               7494434                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              7480263                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              7392149                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              7417966                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              7526066                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              7394307                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              7375084                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              7384806                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              7486988                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              7427506                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              7388397                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles              7399964                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              7438325                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              7403214                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              7470554                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles              7376566                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles              7445491                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              7367519                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              7414199                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles              7445757                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles              7370160                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            1434440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            1492279                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            1393456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            1393456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles            1434440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            1436762                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            1393456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            1434440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles            1352472                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles            1434440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles           1434440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles           1395888                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles           1395908                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles           1490280                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles           1393456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles           1393456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles           1311488                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles           1434440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles           1393456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles           1352472                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles           1393456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles           1393456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles           1393456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles           1434440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles           1393456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles           1393456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles           1393456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles           1393456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles           1229520                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles           1393456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2910110                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2869645                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              2762407                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2826210                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              2887443                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2837163                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2759144                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              2795122                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              2712110                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2844756                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             2789242                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             2718879                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             2680951                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             2840037                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             2797791                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2856525                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles             2737384                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles             2825314                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles             2737690                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles             2696982                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles             2835307                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles             2756362                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles             2761491                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles             2850994                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles             2755252                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles             2834619                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles             2709487                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles             2689228                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles             2718785                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles             2720662                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          7483260                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          7529779                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          7390165                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          7387134                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          7493785                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          7503210                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          7432690                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          7461683                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          7403273                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          7494434                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         7480263                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         7392149                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         7417966                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         7526066                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         7394307                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         7375084                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         7384806                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         7486988                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         7427506                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         7388397                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time         7399964                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         7438325                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         7403214                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         7470554                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time         7376566                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time         7445491                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         7367519                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         7414199                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time         7445757                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time         7370160                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       1434440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       1475412                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       1393456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       1393456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       1434440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       1434437                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       1393456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       1434440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time       1352472                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time       1434440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time      1434440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time      1393453                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time      1393453                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time      1475412                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time      1393456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time      1393456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time      1311488                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time      1434440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time      1393456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time      1352472                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time      1393456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time      1393456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time      1393456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time      1434440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time      1393456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time      1393456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time      1393456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time      1393456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time      1229520                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time      1393456                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         2910110                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         2866441                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         2762407                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         2826210                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         2887443                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         2837163                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         2759144                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         2791930                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         2709050                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         2844756                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        2786059                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        2718879                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        2680951                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        2836803                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        2797791                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        2856525                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time        2734747                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time        2821760                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time        2737690                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time        2694408                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time        2835307                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time        2756362                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time        2761491                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time        2847449                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time        2755252                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time        2834619                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time        2709487                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time        2689228                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time        2715670                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time        2720662                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            7678742                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            7727794                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            7579187                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            7569611                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            7674363                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            7679381                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            7658790                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            7668949                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            7631283                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            7702096                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           7701154                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           7619076                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           7692853                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           7727642                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           7574040                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           7588727                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           7662273                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           7703645                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           7685381                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           7678347                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time           7637287                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           7661263                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           7639412                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           7677464                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time           7575124                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time           7687202                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           7592432                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           7632047                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time           7696992                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time           7577455                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         175716444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         175716440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         175716446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         175716442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         175716451                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         175716447                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         175716463                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         175716459                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         175716468                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         175716464                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        175716460                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        175716466                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        175716480                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        175716476                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        175716472                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        175716468                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles        175716477                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        175716483                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        175716489                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        175716485                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles        175716494                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles        175716500                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        175716491                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        175716487                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        175716496                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles        175716502                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles        175716493                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        175716490                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        175716498                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        175716494                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          7838258                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          7845126                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          7661631                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          7658670                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          7834595                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          7812918                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          7818697                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          7818337                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          7727252                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          7834110                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         7833019                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         7730215                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         7818281                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         7838930                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         7722075                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         7743403                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         7785582                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         7841420                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         7801325                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         7799293                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         7771401                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         7819221                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         7800233                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         7820338                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         7665217                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles         7786088                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         7734776                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles         7797282                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles         7750389                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         7737243                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             12130                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             12727                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             12242                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             12177                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             12518                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             12649                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             12187                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             12389                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0             12158                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0             12572                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0            12787                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0            12678                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0            12611                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0            12525                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0            12114                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0            12199                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0            11985                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0            12566                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0            12450                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0            12136                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0            12025                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0            12146                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0            12060                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0            12419                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0            11653                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0            12400                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0            11689                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0            12121                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0            11128                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0            11963                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              2865                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              3068                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              2783                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              2885                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              2810                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              2944                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              2634                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              2762                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              2587                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              2750                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             2791                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             2689                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             2581                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             2829                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             2691                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             2786                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             2569                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             2754                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             2573                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             2520                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1             2542                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             2648                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             2659                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             2788                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             2802                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1             2631                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             2721                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             2774                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             2378                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1             2765                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              4838                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              5042                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              4577                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              4727                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              4702                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              4754                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              4548                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              4653                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              4408                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              4716                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             4800                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             4531                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             4508                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             4771                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             4605                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             4742                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2             4344                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2             4702                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             4581                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             4386                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2             4534                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2             4492                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             4560                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2             4745                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2             4530                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2             4572                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2             4541                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             4598                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2             4016                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2             4652                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles         6708824                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles         6771983                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles         6586969                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles         6673190                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles         6696366                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles         6673792                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles         6537588                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles         6581987                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles         6403053                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles         6594167                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles        6634906                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles        6516839                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles        6675464                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles        6700390                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles        6657060                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles        6750265                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles        6219837                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles        6702153                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles        6636691                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles        6017894                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles        6621597                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles        6633610                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles        6629252                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles        6707491                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles        6508528                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles        6565222                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles        6603640                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles        6583660                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles        5977430                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles        6624231                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      335090     25.37%     25.37% |      328710     24.89%     50.25% |      328647     24.88%     75.14% |      328427     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1320874                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      181641     25.70%     25.70% |      174999     24.76%     50.45% |      175104     24.77%     75.22% |      175153     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       706897                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      335115     25.37%     25.37% |      328709     24.89%     50.26% |      328647     24.88%     75.14% |      328426     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1320897                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      187458     25.67%     25.67% |      180820     24.76%     50.44% |      180930     24.78%     75.21% |      180980     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       730188                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      145257     24.99%     24.99% |      145519     25.04%     50.03% |      145352     25.01%     75.04% |      145082     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       581210                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      335090     25.37%     25.37% |      328710     24.89%     50.25% |      328647     24.88%     75.14% |      328427     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1320874                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      181405     25.69%     25.69% |      174820     24.76%     50.45% |      174930     24.77%     75.22% |      174980     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       706135                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      145257     24.99%     24.99% |      145519     25.04%     50.03% |      145352     25.01%     75.04% |      145082     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       581210                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      335090     25.37%     25.37% |      328709     24.89%     50.25% |      328647     24.88%     75.14% |      328426     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1320872                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      181405     25.69%     25.69% |      174820     24.76%     50.45% |      174930     24.77%     75.22% |      174980     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       706135                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          709                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5994523     75.40%     75.40% |          18      0.00%     75.40% |       66844      0.84%     76.24% |       68774      0.87%     77.11% |       64892      0.82%     77.93% |       64895      0.82%     78.74% |       66801      0.84%     79.58% |       66828      0.84%     80.42% |       64965      0.82%     81.24% |       66840      0.84%     82.08% |       63008      0.79%     82.87% |       66852      0.84%     83.71% |       66826      0.84%     84.56% |       64912      0.82%     85.37% |       64961      0.82%     86.19% |       68745      0.86%     87.05% |       64901      0.82%     87.87% |       64896      0.82%     88.69% |       61108      0.77%     89.45% |       66823      0.84%     90.30% |       64979      0.82%     91.11% |       63010      0.79%     91.91% |       64947      0.82%     92.72% |       64972      0.82%     93.54% |       64935      0.82%     94.36% |       66846      0.84%     95.20% |       64921      0.82%     96.01% |       64960      0.82%     96.83% |       64886      0.82%     97.65% |       64898      0.82%     98.46% |       57275      0.72%     99.18% |       64890      0.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      7949931                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     9206496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      9206496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    14135956     95.10%     95.10% |           0      0.00%     95.10% |       24912      0.17%     95.26% |       25632      0.17%     95.44% |       24191      0.16%     95.60% |       24226      0.16%     95.76% |       24906      0.17%     95.93% |       24886      0.17%     96.10% |       24228      0.16%     96.26% |       24919      0.17%     96.43% |       23469      0.16%     96.59% |       24904      0.17%     96.75% |       24930      0.17%     96.92% |       24217      0.16%     97.08% |       24274      0.16%     97.25% |       25653      0.17%     97.42% |       24182      0.16%     97.58% |       24230      0.16%     97.75% |       22748      0.15%     97.90% |       24876      0.17%     98.07% |       24224      0.16%     98.23% |       23510      0.16%     98.39% |       24190      0.16%     98.55% |       24181      0.16%     98.71% |       24209      0.16%     98.88% |       24912      0.17%     99.04% |       24145      0.16%     99.21% |       24202      0.16%     99.37% |       24183      0.16%     99.53% |       24171      0.16%     99.69% |       21290      0.14%     99.84% |       24203      0.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     14864759                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17705      4.92%      4.92% |          18      0.01%      4.92% |       11242      3.12%      8.05% |       11575      3.22%     11.26% |       11879      3.30%     14.56% |       11860      3.29%     17.86% |       11740      3.26%     21.12% |       11304      3.14%     24.26% |       11153      3.10%     27.36% |       11115      3.09%     30.44% |       10685      2.97%     33.41% |       11793      3.28%     36.69% |       11540      3.21%     39.90% |       11875      3.30%     43.19% |       10417      2.89%     46.09% |       11572      3.21%     49.30% |       11644      3.23%     52.54% |       12140      3.37%     55.91% |       10252      2.85%     58.76% |       11973      3.33%     62.08% |       11293      3.14%     65.22% |       10971      3.05%     68.27% |       11671      3.24%     71.51% |       11470      3.19%     74.70% |       11851      3.29%     77.99% |       11731      3.26%     81.25% |       11748      3.26%     84.51% |       11060      3.07%     87.59% |       12147      3.37%     90.96% |       11337      3.15%     94.11% |        9611      2.67%     96.78% |       11594      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       359966                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      809970     26.03%     26.03% |           0      0.00%     26.03% |       78531      2.52%     28.55% |       80624      2.59%     31.14% |       76434      2.46%     33.60% |       76277      2.45%     36.05% |       78510      2.52%     38.58% |       78872      2.53%     41.11% |       76665      2.46%     43.57% |       78461      2.52%     46.10% |       74072      2.38%     48.48% |       78853      2.53%     51.01% |       78694      2.53%     53.54% |       76200      2.45%     55.99% |       76386      2.45%     58.44% |       80962      2.60%     61.04% |       76369      2.45%     63.50% |       76654      2.46%     65.96% |       72159      2.32%     68.28% |       78522      2.52%     70.80% |       76537      2.46%     73.26% |       74337      2.39%     75.65% |       76485      2.46%     78.11% |       76484      2.46%     80.57% |       76545      2.46%     83.03% |       78377      2.52%     85.55% |       76196      2.45%     88.00% |       76391      2.45%     90.45% |       76493      2.46%     92.91% |       76505      2.46%     95.37% |       67803      2.18%     97.55% |       76306      2.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3111674                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         873      3.48%      3.48% |         914      3.64%      7.12% |         885      3.53%     10.65% |         870      3.47%     14.11% |         930      3.71%     17.82% |         883      3.52%     21.33% |         833      3.32%     24.65% |         827      3.29%     27.95% |         741      2.95%     30.90% |         890      3.55%     34.45% |         829      3.30%     37.75% |         796      3.17%     40.92% |         772      3.08%     44.00% |         926      3.69%     47.69% |         906      3.61%     51.29% |         851      3.39%     54.69% |         776      3.09%     57.78% |         856      3.41%     61.19% |         831      3.31%     64.50% |         741      2.95%     67.45% |         797      3.18%     70.63% |         809      3.22%     73.85% |         832      3.31%     77.16% |         896      3.57%     80.73% |         886      3.53%     84.26% |         767      3.06%     87.32% |         818      3.26%     90.58% |         819      3.26%     93.84% |         706      2.81%     96.65% |         840      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        25100                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1753      3.23%      3.23% |        1826      3.36%      6.59% |        1852      3.41%     10.00% |        1963      3.61%     13.62% |        1924      3.54%     17.16% |        1772      3.26%     20.43% |        1951      3.59%     24.02% |        1639      3.02%     27.04% |        1845      3.40%     30.43% |        1638      3.02%     33.45% |        1809      3.33%     36.78% |        1455      2.68%     39.46% |        1691      3.11%     42.57% |        1796      3.31%     45.88% |        1921      3.54%     49.42% |        1907      3.51%     52.93% |        1672      3.08%     56.01% |        1655      3.05%     59.06% |        1875      3.45%     62.51% |        1762      3.24%     65.75% |        2004      3.69%     69.44% |        1964      3.62%     73.06% |        1951      3.59%     76.65% |        1883      3.47%     80.12% |        1680      3.09%     83.22% |        1763      3.25%     86.46% |        1974      3.64%     90.10% |        1855      3.42%     93.51% |        1727      3.18%     96.69% |        1796      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        54305                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      192266     12.68%     12.68% |          16      0.00%     12.68% |       44991      2.97%     15.65% |       45942      3.03%     18.68% |       43701      2.88%     21.57% |       43237      2.85%     24.42% |       44355      2.93%     27.34% |       45679      3.01%     30.36% |       44492      2.94%     33.29% |       45030      2.97%     36.26% |       43282      2.86%     39.12% |       44200      2.92%     42.03% |       44828      2.96%     44.99% |       43531      2.87%     47.86% |       46147      3.04%     50.91% |       46444      3.06%     53.97% |       43336      2.86%     56.83% |       43681      2.88%     59.71% |       42740      2.82%     62.53% |       43709      2.88%     65.41% |       44808      2.96%     68.37% |       43911      2.90%     71.27% |       44458      2.93%     74.20% |       44188      2.91%     77.11% |       43527      2.87%     79.99% |       44058      2.91%     82.89% |       43056      2.84%     85.73% |       44380      2.93%     88.66% |       43075      2.84%     91.50% |       44187      2.91%     94.42% |       41319      2.73%     97.14% |       43329      2.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1515903                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        1726      3.18%      3.18% |        1793      3.30%      6.48% |        1649      3.04%      9.52% |        1589      2.93%     12.45% |        1666      3.07%     15.51% |        1812      3.34%     18.85% |        1913      3.52%     22.37% |        1749      3.22%     25.59% |        1804      3.32%     28.92% |        1798      3.31%     32.23% |        1638      3.02%     35.24% |        1639      3.02%     38.26% |        2057      3.79%     42.05% |        1840      3.39%     45.44% |        1674      3.08%     48.52% |        1735      3.19%     51.72% |        1875      3.45%     55.17% |        1798      3.31%     58.48% |        1971      3.63%     62.11% |        1927      3.55%     65.66% |        1901      3.50%     69.16% |        1889      3.48%     72.64% |        2191      4.03%     76.67% |        2079      3.83%     80.50% |        1778      3.27%     83.77% |        1788      3.29%     87.07% |        1895      3.49%     90.56% |        1851      3.41%     93.96% |        1646      3.03%     96.99% |        1632      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        54305                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      622888     40.35%     40.35% |           0      0.00%     40.35% |       31800      2.06%     42.41% |       32696      2.12%     44.53% |       31065      2.01%     46.55% |       31427      2.04%     48.58% |       32381      2.10%     50.68% |       31246      2.02%     52.70% |       30073      1.95%     54.65% |       31544      2.04%     56.70% |       28965      1.88%     58.57% |       32745      2.12%     60.69% |       31999      2.07%     62.77% |       30926      2.00%     64.77% |       28021      1.82%     66.59% |       32382      2.10%     68.68% |       31283      2.03%     70.71% |       31082      2.01%     72.72% |       27506      1.78%     74.51% |       32904      2.13%     76.64% |       29678      1.92%     78.56% |       28448      1.84%     80.40% |       29991      1.94%     82.35% |       30264      1.96%     84.31% |       30655      1.99%     86.29% |       32161      2.08%     88.38% |       31310      2.03%     90.40% |       30129      1.95%     92.36% |       31439      2.04%     94.39% |       30433      1.97%     96.36% |       24874      1.61%     97.98% |       31239      2.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1543554                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      687949     28.69%     28.69% |           0      0.00%     28.69% |       58703      2.45%     31.13% |       59791      2.49%     33.63% |       56407      2.35%     35.98% |       55977      2.33%     38.31% |       57689      2.41%     40.72% |       59184      2.47%     43.19% |       57299      2.39%     45.58% |       58765      2.45%     48.03% |       55799      2.33%     50.35% |       57707      2.41%     52.76% |       58167      2.43%     55.19% |       56262      2.35%     57.53% |       58764      2.45%     59.98% |       60379      2.52%     62.50% |       56373      2.35%     64.85% |       56099      2.34%     67.19% |       54831      2.29%     69.48% |       57161      2.38%     71.86% |       57212      2.39%     74.24% |       56032      2.34%     76.58% |       56811      2.37%     78.95% |       56781      2.37%     81.32% |       56057      2.34%     83.66% |       57540      2.40%     86.05% |       56127      2.34%     88.40% |       57182      2.38%     90.78% |       55615      2.32%     93.10% |       56931      2.37%     95.47% |       52204      2.18%     97.65% |       56372      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2398170                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      190965     10.08%     10.08% |           9      0.00%     10.08% |       58284      3.08%     13.15% |       59713      3.15%     16.31% |       56626      2.99%     19.29% |       56528      2.98%     22.28% |       58191      3.07%     25.35% |       58448      3.08%     28.43% |       56686      2.99%     31.42% |       58104      3.07%     34.49% |       54862      2.90%     37.39% |       58442      3.08%     40.47% |       58188      3.07%     43.54% |       56363      2.97%     46.52% |       56436      2.98%     49.49% |       59896      3.16%     52.65% |       56489      2.98%     55.64% |       56730      2.99%     58.63% |       53451      2.82%     61.45% |       58157      3.07%     64.52% |       56627      2.99%     67.51% |       54983      2.90%     70.41% |       56542      2.98%     73.39% |       56580      2.99%     76.38% |       56597      2.99%     79.37% |       57991      3.06%     82.43% |       56366      2.97%     85.40% |       56559      2.98%     88.39% |       56669      2.99%     91.38% |       56760      3.00%     94.37% |       50243      2.65%     97.02% |       56388      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1894873                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      120992    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       120992                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      498910     45.64%     45.64% |           0      0.00%     45.64% |       20225      1.85%     47.49% |       20705      1.89%     49.39% |       19776      1.81%     51.20% |       19716      1.80%     53.00% |       20200      1.85%     54.85% |       20274      1.85%     56.70% |       19778      1.81%     58.51% |       20213      1.85%     60.36% |       19169      1.75%     62.12% |       20288      1.86%     63.97% |       20261      1.85%     65.82% |       19720      1.80%     67.63% |       19766      1.81%     69.44% |       20762      1.90%     71.34% |       19790      1.81%     73.15% |       19756      1.81%     74.95% |       18640      1.71%     76.66% |       20235      1.85%     78.51% |       19806      1.81%     80.32% |       19273      1.76%     82.09% |       19787      1.81%     83.90% |       19746      1.81%     85.70% |       19756      1.81%     87.51% |       20283      1.86%     89.37% |       19759      1.81%     91.17% |       19712      1.80%     92.98% |       19727      1.80%     94.78% |       19690      1.80%     96.58% |       17559      1.61%     98.19% |       19791      1.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1093073                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11052      5.37%      5.37% |           0      0.00%      5.37% |        6740      3.27%      8.64% |        6937      3.37%     12.01% |        6862      3.33%     15.34% |        7048      3.42%     18.76% |        7070      3.43%     22.19% |        6725      3.27%     25.46% |        6293      3.06%     28.52% |        6569      3.19%     31.71% |        5883      2.86%     34.56% |        6993      3.40%     37.96% |        6680      3.24%     41.20% |        6430      3.12%     44.32% |        5183      2.52%     46.84% |        6905      3.35%     50.19% |        6978      3.39%     53.58% |        6849      3.33%     56.91% |        5418      2.63%     59.54% |        7051      3.42%     62.96% |        6004      2.92%     65.88% |        5665      2.75%     68.63% |        6368      3.09%     71.72% |        6435      3.12%     74.84% |        6635      3.22%     78.07% |        7020      3.41%     81.47% |        6988      3.39%     84.87% |        6027      2.93%     87.79% |        7035      3.42%     91.21% |        6455      3.13%     94.34% |        4807      2.33%     96.68% |        6840      3.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       205945                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1718     82.24%     82.24% |           9      0.43%     82.67% |           4      0.19%     82.86% |           4      0.19%     83.05% |           6      0.29%     83.34% |           5      0.24%     83.58% |          10      0.48%     84.06% |          11      0.53%     84.59% |          12      0.57%     85.16% |           3      0.14%     85.30% |          15      0.72%     86.02% |           8      0.38%     86.40% |          13      0.62%     87.03% |          11      0.53%     87.55% |          18      0.86%     88.42% |           7      0.34%     88.75% |          10      0.48%     89.23% |           6      0.29%     89.52% |          21      1.01%     90.52% |          11      0.53%     91.05% |          16      0.77%     91.81% |          20      0.96%     92.77% |          15      0.72%     93.49% |          13      0.62%     94.11% |          13      0.62%     94.73% |          12      0.57%     95.31% |          13      0.62%     95.93% |          24      1.15%     97.08% |          11      0.53%     97.61% |          17      0.81%     98.42% |          17      0.81%     99.23% |          16      0.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         2089                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        2514    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         2514                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          58     25.89%     25.89% |           0      0.00%     25.89% |           4      1.79%     27.68% |           9      4.02%     31.70% |           7      3.12%     34.82% |           4      1.79%     36.61% |           1      0.45%     37.05% |           4      1.79%     38.84% |           2      0.89%     39.73% |           3      1.34%     41.07% |           5      2.23%     43.30% |           5      2.23%     45.54% |           3      1.34%     46.88% |           2      0.89%     47.77% |           5      2.23%     50.00% |           1      0.45%     50.45% |           4      1.79%     52.23% |           6      2.68%     54.91% |           9      4.02%     58.93% |           8      3.57%     62.50% |           8      3.57%     66.07% |          10      4.46%     70.54% |           6      2.68%     73.21% |           2      0.89%     74.11% |           7      3.12%     77.23% |          12      5.36%     82.59% |           6      2.68%     85.27% |           2      0.89%     86.16% |           2      0.89%     87.05% |           4      1.79%     88.84% |          20      8.93%     97.77% |           5      2.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          224                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1520      0.90%      0.90% |           0      0.00%      0.90% |        5278      3.12%      4.02% |        5461      3.23%      7.26% |        5677      3.36%     10.62% |        5466      3.24%     13.85% |        5478      3.24%     17.10% |        5404      3.20%     20.30% |        5514      3.26%     23.56% |        5268      3.12%     26.68% |        5296      3.14%     29.81% |        5627      3.33%     33.15% |        5597      3.31%     36.46% |        5985      3.54%     40.00% |        5854      3.47%     43.47% |        5483      3.25%     46.71% |        5351      3.17%     49.88% |        5898      3.49%     53.37% |        5410      3.20%     56.58% |        5646      3.34%     59.92% |        5983      3.54%     63.46% |        5851      3.46%     66.92% |        5913      3.50%     70.42% |        5706      3.38%     73.80% |        5829      3.45%     77.25% |        5466      3.24%     80.49% |        5408      3.20%     83.69% |        5641      3.34%     87.03% |        5698      3.37%     90.40% |        5526      3.27%     93.67% |        5312      3.14%     96.82% |        5373      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total       168919                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        8207     11.73%     11.73% |           0      0.00%     11.73% |        2164      3.09%     14.83% |        2310      3.30%     18.13% |        2200      3.14%     21.27% |        2282      3.26%     24.53% |        2388      3.41%     27.95% |        2209      3.16%     31.11% |        2015      2.88%     33.99% |        2158      3.08%     37.07% |        1827      2.61%     39.68% |        2260      3.23%     42.91% |        2171      3.10%     46.02% |        1887      2.70%     48.71% |        1407      2.01%     50.73% |        2312      3.31%     54.03% |        2177      3.11%     57.14% |        2089      2.99%     60.13% |        1624      2.32%     62.45% |        2333      3.34%     65.79% |        1746      2.50%     68.28% |        1860      2.66%     70.94% |        1967      2.81%     73.75% |        2020      2.89%     76.64% |        2160      3.09%     79.73% |        2352      3.36%     83.09% |        2298      3.29%     86.38% |        1861      2.66%     89.04% |        2118      3.03%     92.06% |        1860      2.66%     94.72% |        1555      2.22%     96.95% |        2137      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        69954                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     9082934    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      9082934                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        3465     11.35%     11.35% |           2      0.01%     11.36% |         928      3.04%     14.40% |         845      2.77%     17.17% |         887      2.91%     20.07% |         886      2.90%     22.97% |         952      3.12%     26.09% |         833      2.73%     28.82% |         928      3.04%     31.86% |         847      2.77%     34.64% |         935      3.06%     37.70% |         917      3.00%     40.70% |         910      2.98%     43.68% |         885      2.90%     46.58% |         834      2.73%     49.32% |         862      2.82%     52.14% |         945      3.10%     55.23% |         900      2.95%     58.18% |         980      3.21%     61.39% |         948      3.11%     64.50% |         877      2.87%     67.37% |         912      2.99%     70.36% |         924      3.03%     73.39% |         936      3.07%     76.45% |         990      3.24%     79.70% |         969      3.17%     82.87% |         845      2.77%     85.64% |         936      3.07%     88.70% |         913      2.99%     91.70% |         882      2.89%     94.58% |         801      2.62%     97.21% |         852      2.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        30526                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120375     22.91%     22.91% |           0      0.00%     22.91% |       14016      2.67%     25.58% |       14654      2.79%     28.36% |       13806      2.63%     30.99% |       14289      2.72%     33.71% |       14712      2.80%     36.51% |       13622      2.59%     39.10% |       13139      2.50%     41.60% |       13772      2.62%     44.23% |       12424      2.36%     46.59% |       14884      2.83%     49.42% |       14173      2.70%     52.12% |       13324      2.54%     54.66% |       11072      2.11%     56.76% |       14284      2.72%     59.48% |       14043      2.67%     62.15% |       13977      2.66%     64.81% |       11338      2.16%     66.97% |       15073      2.87%     69.84% |       12726      2.42%     72.26% |       11861      2.26%     74.52% |       13093      2.49%     77.01% |       13327      2.54%     79.55% |       13955      2.66%     82.20% |       14756      2.81%     85.01% |       14078      2.68%     87.69% |       12936      2.46%     90.15% |       14571      2.77%     92.92% |       13481      2.57%     95.49% |        9774      1.86%     97.35% |       13922      2.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       525457                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3223219     94.61%     94.61% |           0      0.00%     94.61% |        6188      0.18%     94.79% |        6517      0.19%     94.98% |        5904      0.17%     95.15% |        5921      0.17%     95.33% |        6051      0.18%     95.51% |        5972      0.18%     95.68% |        6023      0.18%     95.86% |        6375      0.19%     96.05% |        6128      0.18%     96.23% |        5930      0.17%     96.40% |        6268      0.18%     96.58% |        6475      0.19%     96.77% |        6875      0.20%     96.97% |        6329      0.19%     97.16% |        6060      0.18%     97.34% |        5911      0.17%     97.51% |        5832      0.17%     97.68% |        6139      0.18%     97.86% |        6347      0.19%     98.05% |        5969      0.18%     98.22% |        6212      0.18%     98.41% |        6123      0.18%     98.59% |        5966      0.18%     98.76% |        6285      0.18%     98.95% |        6059      0.18%     99.12% |        6292      0.18%     99.31% |        5938      0.17%     99.48% |        6099      0.18%     99.66% |        5305      0.16%     99.82% |        6195      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3406907                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       35524    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        35524                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2952      5.28%      5.28% |          16      0.03%      5.31% |        1508      2.70%      8.00% |        1626      2.91%     10.91% |        1765      3.16%     14.07% |        1655      2.96%     17.03% |        1646      2.94%     19.97% |        1630      2.91%     22.89% |        1810      3.24%     26.12% |        1710      3.06%     29.18% |        1672      2.99%     32.17% |        1656      2.96%     35.13% |        1643      2.94%     38.07% |        1964      3.51%     41.58% |        1920      3.43%     45.02% |        1627      2.91%     47.93% |        1628      2.91%     50.84% |        1911      3.42%     54.25% |        1686      3.02%     57.27% |        1734      3.10%     60.37% |        2059      3.68%     64.05% |        1927      3.45%     67.50% |        1940      3.47%     70.97% |        1831      3.27%     74.24% |        1966      3.52%     77.76% |        1704      3.05%     80.80% |        1760      3.15%     83.95% |        1823      3.26%     87.21% |        1829      3.27%     90.48% |        1816      3.25%     93.73% |        1808      3.23%     96.96% |        1698      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        55920                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      153685     11.25%     11.25% |           0      0.00%     11.25% |       41580      3.04%     14.29% |       42344      3.10%     17.39% |       40018      2.93%     20.31% |       39540      2.89%     23.21% |       40647      2.97%     26.18% |       42111      3.08%     29.26% |       40615      2.97%     32.24% |       41534      3.04%     35.28% |       39707      2.91%     38.18% |       40728      2.98%     41.16% |       41228      3.02%     44.18% |       40054      2.93%     47.11% |       42405      3.10%     50.21% |       42886      3.14%     53.35% |       39731      2.91%     56.26% |       39791      2.91%     59.17% |       39269      2.87%     62.04% |       40175      2.94%     64.98% |       40740      2.98%     67.96% |       40098      2.93%     70.90% |       40404      2.96%     73.85% |       40266      2.95%     76.80% |       39505      2.89%     79.69% |       40339      2.95%     82.64% |       39545      2.89%     85.54% |       40659      2.98%     88.51% |       39182      2.87%     91.38% |       40395      2.96%     94.33% |       37672      2.76%     97.09% |       39760      2.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      1366613                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1744      3.22%      3.22% |        1821      3.37%      6.59% |        1846      3.41%     10.00% |        1960      3.62%     13.63% |        1918      3.55%     17.17% |        1764      3.26%     20.44% |        1940      3.59%     24.02% |        1638      3.03%     27.05% |        1839      3.40%     30.45% |        1632      3.02%     33.47% |        1801      3.33%     36.80% |        1440      2.66%     39.46% |        1685      3.12%     42.58% |        1791      3.31%     45.89% |        1906      3.52%     49.41% |        1894      3.50%     52.91% |        1669      3.09%     56.00% |        1645      3.04%     59.04% |        1865      3.45%     62.49% |        1760      3.25%     65.74% |        2000      3.70%     69.44% |        1957      3.62%     73.06% |        1941      3.59%     76.65% |        1872      3.46%     80.11% |        1676      3.10%     83.21% |        1759      3.25%     86.46% |        1959      3.62%     90.08% |        1851      3.42%     93.50% |        1721      3.18%     96.68% |        1793      3.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        54087                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2569428    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2569428                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    13601332     99.08%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |        4411      0.03%     99.11% |        4630      0.03%     99.14% |        4153      0.03%     99.17% |        4216      0.03%     99.21% |        4439      0.03%     99.24% |        4362      0.03%     99.27% |        4156      0.03%     99.30% |        4419      0.03%     99.33% |        4054      0.03%     99.36% |        4347      0.03%     99.39% |        4373      0.03%     99.42% |        4214      0.03%     99.46% |        4165      0.03%     99.49% |        4581      0.03%     99.52% |        4142      0.03%     99.55% |        4174      0.03%     99.58% |        3873      0.03%     99.61% |        4393      0.03%     99.64% |        4122      0.03%     99.67% |        3943      0.03%     99.70% |        4143      0.03%     99.73% |        4188      0.03%     99.76% |        4173      0.03%     99.79% |        4338      0.03%     99.82% |        4171      0.03%     99.85% |        4222      0.03%     99.88% |        4207      0.03%     99.91% |        4242      0.03%     99.94% |        3531      0.03%     99.97% |        4140      0.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     13727854                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         236      0.35%      0.35% |           0      0.00%      0.35% |        2048      3.05%      3.40% |        2157      3.21%      6.61% |        2354      3.50%     10.11% |        2255      3.36%     13.47% |        2062      3.07%     16.54% |        2106      3.13%     19.68% |        2102      3.13%     22.80% |        1972      2.94%     25.74% |        2185      3.25%     28.99% |        2214      3.30%     32.29% |        2289      3.41%     35.70% |        2579      3.84%     39.53% |        2473      3.68%     43.22% |        2172      3.23%     46.45% |        2084      3.10%     49.55% |        2470      3.68%     53.23% |        2162      3.22%     56.45% |        2223      3.31%     59.75% |        2343      3.49%     63.24% |        2454      3.65%     66.89% |        2425      3.61%     70.50% |        2253      3.35%     73.86% |        2234      3.33%     77.18% |        2023      3.01%     80.19% |        2140      3.19%     83.38% |        2257      3.36%     86.74% |        2356      3.51%     90.25% |        2172      3.23%     93.48% |        2188      3.26%     96.74% |        2192      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        67180                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      534264     51.79%     51.79% |           0      0.00%     51.79% |       17123      1.66%     53.45% |       17447      1.69%     55.14% |       16389      1.59%     56.73% |       16437      1.59%     58.33% |       17042      1.65%     59.98% |       17073      1.66%     61.63% |       16684      1.62%     63.25% |       17231      1.67%     64.92% |       16092      1.56%     66.48% |       16979      1.65%     68.13% |       16939      1.64%     69.77% |       16208      1.57%     71.34% |       16359      1.59%     72.93% |       17493      1.70%     74.62% |       16642      1.61%     76.23% |       16308      1.58%     77.82% |       15562      1.51%     79.32% |       16986      1.65%     80.97% |       16472      1.60%     82.57% |       15934      1.54%     84.11% |       16407      1.59%     85.70% |       16515      1.60%     87.30% |       16552      1.60%     88.91% |       17201      1.67%     90.58% |       16582      1.61%     92.18% |       16523      1.60%     93.78% |       16433      1.59%     95.38% |       16536      1.60%     96.98% |       14532      1.41%     98.39% |       16612      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1031557                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         873      3.48%      3.48% |         914      3.64%      7.12% |         885      3.53%     10.65% |         870      3.47%     14.11% |         930      3.71%     17.82% |         883      3.52%     21.34% |         833      3.32%     24.66% |         827      3.30%     27.95% |         741      2.95%     30.90% |         890      3.55%     34.45% |         829      3.30%     37.75% |         796      3.17%     40.93% |         772      3.08%     44.00% |         925      3.69%     47.69% |         906      3.61%     51.30% |         851      3.39%     54.69% |         776      3.09%     57.78% |         856      3.41%     61.19% |         831      3.31%     64.50% |         741      2.95%     67.45% |         797      3.18%     70.63% |         809      3.22%     73.85% |         830      3.31%     77.16% |         896      3.57%     80.73% |         886      3.53%     84.26% |         767      3.06%     87.32% |         818      3.26%     90.58% |         819      3.26%     93.84% |         706      2.81%     96.65% |         840      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total        25097                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         119      0.88%      0.88% |           0      0.00%      0.88% |         376      2.79%      3.68% |         491      3.65%      7.33% |         379      2.82%     10.15% |         383      2.85%     12.99% |         458      3.40%     16.40% |         461      3.43%     19.82% |         505      3.75%     23.58% |         458      3.40%     26.98% |         395      2.94%     29.92% |         444      3.30%     33.22% |         500      3.72%     36.94% |         403      3.00%     39.93% |         447      3.32%     43.25% |         536      3.98%     47.24% |         467      3.47%     50.71% |         488      3.63%     54.34% |         398      2.96%     57.30% |         490      3.64%     60.94% |         379      2.82%     63.76% |         363      2.70%     66.45% |         415      3.08%     69.54% |         478      3.55%     73.09% |         497      3.69%     76.79% |         477      3.55%     80.33% |         467      3.47%     83.80% |         469      3.49%     87.29% |         470      3.49%     90.78% |         388      2.88%     93.67% |         344      2.56%     96.22% |         508      3.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total        13453                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      192266     12.68%     12.68% |          16      0.00%     12.68% |       44991      2.97%     15.65% |       45942      3.03%     18.68% |       43701      2.88%     21.57% |       43237      2.85%     24.42% |       44355      2.93%     27.34% |       45679      3.01%     30.36% |       44492      2.94%     33.29% |       45030      2.97%     36.26% |       43282      2.86%     39.12% |       44200      2.92%     42.03% |       44828      2.96%     44.99% |       43531      2.87%     47.86% |       46147      3.04%     50.91% |       46444      3.06%     53.97% |       43336      2.86%     56.83% |       43681      2.88%     59.71% |       42740      2.82%     62.53% |       43709      2.88%     65.41% |       44808      2.96%     68.37% |       43911      2.90%     71.27% |       44458      2.93%     74.20% |       44188      2.91%     77.11% |       43527      2.87%     79.99% |       44058      2.91%     82.89% |       43056      2.84%     85.73% |       44380      2.93%     88.66% |       43075      2.84%     91.50% |       44187      2.91%     94.42% |       41319      2.73%     97.14% |       43329      2.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1515903                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        1726      3.18%      3.18% |        1793      3.30%      6.48% |        1649      3.04%      9.52% |        1589      2.93%     12.45% |        1666      3.07%     15.51% |        1812      3.34%     18.85% |        1913      3.52%     22.37% |        1749      3.22%     25.59% |        1804      3.32%     28.92% |        1798      3.31%     32.23% |        1638      3.02%     35.24% |        1639      3.02%     38.26% |        2057      3.79%     42.05% |        1840      3.39%     45.44% |        1674      3.08%     48.52% |        1735      3.19%     51.72% |        1875      3.45%     55.17% |        1798      3.31%     58.48% |        1971      3.63%     62.11% |        1927      3.55%     65.66% |        1901      3.50%     69.16% |        1889      3.48%     72.64% |        2191      4.03%     76.67% |        2079      3.83%     80.50% |        1778      3.27%     83.77% |        1788      3.29%     87.07% |        1895      3.49%     90.56% |        1851      3.41%     93.96% |        1646      3.03%     96.99% |        1632      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        54305                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123920     27.52%     27.52% |           0      0.00%     27.52% |       11571      2.57%     30.09% |       11982      2.66%     32.75% |       11282      2.51%     35.26% |       11707      2.60%     37.86% |       12180      2.71%     40.56% |       10968      2.44%     43.00% |       10293      2.29%     45.29% |       11328      2.52%     47.80% |        9791      2.17%     49.98% |       12452      2.77%     52.74% |       11735      2.61%     55.35% |       11204      2.49%     57.84% |        8250      1.83%     59.67% |       11618      2.58%     62.25% |       11489      2.55%     64.80% |       11320      2.51%     67.32% |        8857      1.97%     69.28% |       12661      2.81%     72.09% |        9864      2.19%     74.28% |        9165      2.04%     76.32% |       10198      2.26%     78.59% |       10516      2.34%     80.92% |       10892      2.42%     83.34% |       11866      2.64%     85.98% |       11545      2.56%     88.54% |       10415      2.31%     90.85% |       11710      2.60%     93.45% |       10739      2.39%     95.84% |        7295      1.62%     97.46% |       11443      2.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       450256                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           7      0.12%      0.12% |           0      0.00%      0.12% |         158      2.78%      2.91% |         227      4.00%      6.91% |         165      2.91%      9.81% |         162      2.85%     12.67% |         173      3.05%     15.72% |         201      3.54%     19.26% |         208      3.67%     22.93% |         198      3.49%     26.41% |         158      2.78%     29.20% |         191      3.37%     32.56% |         257      4.53%     37.09% |         226      3.98%     41.07% |         249      4.39%     45.46% |         280      4.93%     50.40% |         135      2.38%     52.78% |         192      3.38%     56.16% |         182      3.21%     59.37% |         152      2.68%     62.04% |         237      4.18%     66.22% |         230      4.05%     70.27% |         253      4.46%     74.73% |         192      3.38%     78.11% |         207      3.65%     81.76% |         138      2.43%     84.19% |         116      2.04%     86.24% |         163      2.87%     89.11% |         139      2.45%     91.56% |         179      3.15%     94.71% |         169      2.98%     97.69% |         131      2.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total         5675                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      498968     45.64%     45.64% |           0      0.00%     45.64% |       20229      1.85%     47.49% |       20714      1.89%     49.38% |       19783      1.81%     51.19% |       19720      1.80%     53.00% |       20201      1.85%     54.84% |       20278      1.85%     56.70% |       19780      1.81%     58.51% |       20216      1.85%     60.36% |       19174      1.75%     62.11% |       20293      1.86%     63.97% |       20264      1.85%     65.82% |       19722      1.80%     67.62% |       19771      1.81%     69.43% |       20763      1.90%     71.33% |       19794      1.81%     73.14% |       19762      1.81%     74.95% |       18649      1.71%     76.66% |       20243      1.85%     78.51% |       19814      1.81%     80.32% |       19283      1.76%     82.08% |       19793      1.81%     83.89% |       19748      1.81%     85.70% |       19763      1.81%     87.51% |       20295      1.86%     89.36% |       19765      1.81%     91.17% |       19714      1.80%     92.98% |       19729      1.80%     94.78% |       19694      1.80%     96.58% |       17579      1.61%     98.19% |       19796      1.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1093297                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         986     14.76%     14.76% |           0      0.00%     14.76% |         204      3.05%     17.81% |         230      3.44%     21.26% |         156      2.34%     23.59% |         159      2.38%     25.97% |         161      2.41%     28.38% |         188      2.81%     31.20% |         229      3.43%     34.63% |         200      2.99%     37.62% |         176      2.63%     40.25% |         212      3.17%     43.43% |         186      2.78%     46.21% |         176      2.63%     48.85% |         225      3.37%     52.22% |         201      3.01%     55.22% |         165      2.47%     57.69% |         160      2.40%     60.09% |         180      2.69%     62.78% |         183      2.74%     65.52% |         243      3.64%     69.16% |         178      2.66%     71.83% |         211      3.16%     74.99% |         236      3.53%     78.52% |         199      2.98%     81.50% |         206      3.08%     84.58% |         185      2.77%     87.35% |         224      3.35%     90.70% |         150      2.25%     92.95% |         162      2.43%     95.37% |         155      2.32%     97.69% |         154      2.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         6680                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         111      1.38%      1.38% |           0      0.00%      1.38% |         272      3.37%      4.75% |         288      3.57%      8.32% |         255      3.16%     11.48% |         290      3.60%     15.08% |         266      3.30%     18.38% |         246      3.05%     21.43% |         292      3.62%     25.05% |         284      3.52%     28.57% |         241      2.99%     31.56% |         264      3.27%     34.84% |         293      3.63%     38.47% |         281      3.49%     41.96% |         338      4.19%     46.15% |         309      3.83%     49.98% |         246      3.05%     53.03% |         294      3.65%     56.68% |         226      2.80%     59.48% |         240      2.98%     62.46% |         288      3.57%     66.03% |         284      3.52%     69.55% |         254      3.15%     72.70% |         245      3.04%     75.74% |         273      3.39%     79.13% |         279      3.46%     82.59% |         209      2.59%     85.18% |         266      3.30%     88.48% |         247      3.06%     91.54% |         235      2.91%     94.46% |         180      2.23%     96.69% |         267      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         8063                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18      4.57%      4.57% |          10      2.54%      7.11% |          11      2.79%      9.90% |          16      4.06%     13.96% |          10      2.54%     16.50% |          10      2.54%     19.04% |          20      5.08%     24.11% |          17      4.31%     28.43% |          10      2.54%     30.96% |          13      3.30%     34.26% |          18      4.57%     38.83% |          17      4.31%     43.15% |           7      1.78%     44.92% |           5      1.27%     46.19% |           9      2.28%     48.48% |          10      2.54%     51.02% |           6      1.52%     52.54% |          17      4.31%     56.85% |          10      2.54%     59.39% |          13      3.30%     62.69% |          14      3.55%     66.24% |          15      3.81%     70.05% |          26      6.60%     76.65% |          15      3.81%     80.46% |          15      3.81%     84.26% |          17      4.31%     88.58% |          14      3.55%     92.13% |          12      3.05%     95.18% |           7      1.78%     96.95% |          12      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total          394                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9      4.17%      4.17% |           5      2.31%      6.48% |           6      2.78%      9.26% |           3      1.39%     10.65% |           6      2.78%     13.43% |           8      3.70%     17.13% |          11      5.09%     22.22% |           1      0.46%     22.69% |           6      2.78%     25.46% |           6      2.78%     28.24% |           8      3.70%     31.94% |          15      6.94%     38.89% |           6      2.78%     41.67% |           5      2.31%     43.98% |          15      6.94%     50.93% |          13      6.02%     56.94% |           3      1.39%     58.33% |          10      4.63%     62.96% |          10      4.63%     67.59% |           2      0.93%     68.52% |           4      1.85%     70.37% |           7      3.24%     73.61% |          10      4.63%     78.24% |          11      5.09%     83.33% |           4      1.85%     85.19% |           4      1.85%     87.04% |          15      6.94%     93.98% |           4      1.85%     95.83% |           6      2.78%     98.61% |           3      1.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total          216                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      687949     28.69%     28.69% |           0      0.00%     28.69% |       58676      2.45%     31.14% |       59776      2.49%     33.63% |       56390      2.35%     35.99% |       55958      2.33%     38.32% |       57673      2.41%     40.73% |       59166      2.47%     43.19% |       57268      2.39%     45.58% |       58747      2.45%     48.03% |       55783      2.33%     50.36% |       57688      2.41%     52.77% |       58141      2.43%     55.19% |       56230      2.35%     57.54% |       58751      2.45%     59.99% |       60368      2.52%     62.50% |       56349      2.35%     64.85% |       56076      2.34%     67.19% |       54822      2.29%     69.48% |       57134      2.38%     71.86% |       57192      2.39%     74.25% |       56017      2.34%     76.58% |       56793      2.37%     78.95% |       56759      2.37%     81.32% |       56019      2.34%     83.66% |       57514      2.40%     86.06% |       56108      2.34%     88.40% |       57161      2.38%     90.78% |       55586      2.32%     93.10% |       56915      2.37%     95.47% |       52191      2.18%     97.65% |       56357      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2397557                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27      4.40%      4.40% |          15      2.45%      6.85% |          17      2.77%      9.62% |          19      3.10%     12.72% |          16      2.61%     15.33% |          18      2.94%     18.27% |          31      5.06%     23.33% |          18      2.94%     26.26% |          16      2.61%     28.87% |          19      3.10%     31.97% |          26      4.24%     36.22% |          32      5.22%     41.44% |          13      2.12%     43.56% |          11      1.79%     45.35% |          24      3.92%     49.27% |          23      3.75%     53.02% |           9      1.47%     54.49% |          27      4.40%     58.89% |          20      3.26%     62.15% |          15      2.45%     64.60% |          18      2.94%     67.54% |          22      3.59%     71.13% |          38      6.20%     77.32% |          26      4.24%     81.57% |          19      3.10%     84.67% |          21      3.43%     88.09% |          29      4.73%     92.82% |          16      2.61%     95.43% |          13      2.12%     97.55% |          15      2.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          613                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3854      3.12%      3.12% |        3689      2.98%      6.10% |        3428      2.77%      8.88% |        3495      2.83%     11.70% |        3477      2.81%     14.52% |        3972      3.21%     17.73% |        3700      2.99%     20.73% |        3320      2.69%     23.41% |        3510      2.84%     26.25% |        5108      4.13%     30.38% |        3873      3.13%     33.52% |        3792      3.07%     36.59% |        3482      2.82%     39.40% |        4382      3.55%     42.95% |        3832      3.10%     46.05% |        3779      3.06%     49.11% |        4112      3.33%     52.43% |        4148      3.36%     55.79% |        3654      2.96%     58.75% |        3333      2.70%     61.44% |        3068      2.48%     63.93% |        3735      3.02%     66.95% |        3514      2.84%     69.79% |        3355      2.71%     72.51% |        3600      2.91%     75.42% |        3720      3.01%     78.43% |        3238      2.62%     81.05% |        4609      3.73%     84.78% |        3999      3.24%     88.01% |        5253      4.25%     92.26% |        5123      4.15%     96.41% |        4440      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123594                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      119166      6.27%      6.27% |       58049      3.05%      9.32% |       57074      3.00%     12.33% |       57824      3.04%     15.37% |       57322      3.02%     18.38% |       57082      3.00%     21.39% |       56705      2.98%     24.37% |       56707      2.98%     27.35% |       56986      3.00%     30.35% |       57225      3.01%     33.36% |       59033      3.11%     36.47% |       58428      3.07%     39.54% |       57962      3.05%     42.59% |       56976      3.00%     45.59% |       56444      2.97%     48.56% |       56648      2.98%     51.54% |       57775      3.04%     54.58% |       57193      3.01%     57.58% |       57516      3.03%     60.61% |       57605      3.03%     63.64% |       57556      3.03%     66.67% |       58389      3.07%     69.74% |       57688      3.03%     72.77% |       57144      3.01%     75.78% |       57295      3.01%     78.79% |       57558      3.03%     81.82% |       57059      3.00%     84.82% |       56763      2.99%     87.81% |       57382      3.02%     90.83% |       56686      2.98%     93.81% |       57304      3.01%     96.83% |       60336      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      1900880                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       42863      3.92%      3.92% |       33858      3.10%      7.02% |       33614      3.07%     10.09% |       33819      3.09%     13.18% |       33639      3.08%     16.26% |       33536      3.07%     19.33% |       33877      3.10%     22.43% |       33541      3.07%     25.49% |       33655      3.08%     28.57% |       34313      3.14%     31.71% |       33652      3.08%     34.79% |       33727      3.08%     37.87% |       33912      3.10%     40.97% |       33489      3.06%     44.04% |       33562      3.07%     47.11% |       33576      3.07%     50.18% |       33656      3.08%     53.26% |       33658      3.08%     56.33% |       34037      3.11%     59.45% |       33963      3.11%     62.55% |       33819      3.09%     65.65% |       34930      3.19%     68.84% |       33753      3.09%     71.93% |       33856      3.10%     75.02% |       33828      3.09%     78.12% |       33828      3.09%     81.21% |       34000      3.11%     84.32% |       33900      3.10%     87.42% |       33681      3.08%     90.50% |       33716      3.08%     93.59% |       35819      3.28%     96.86% |       34300      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1093377                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      143546      5.99%      5.99% |       73700      3.07%      9.06% |       72377      3.02%     12.08% |       73263      3.06%     15.13% |       72396      3.02%     18.15% |       72001      3.00%     21.15% |       72057      3.00%     24.16% |       71428      2.98%     27.14% |       71884      3.00%     30.14% |       73009      3.04%     33.18% |       73865      3.08%     36.26% |       73404      3.06%     39.32% |       73001      3.04%     42.37% |       71614      2.99%     45.35% |       71232      2.97%     48.32% |       71394      2.98%     51.30% |       72425      3.02%     54.32% |       72020      3.00%     57.32% |       72670      3.03%     60.35% |       72813      3.04%     63.39% |       72537      3.02%     66.42% |       74513      3.11%     69.52% |       72954      3.04%     72.57% |       72449      3.02%     75.59% |       72485      3.02%     78.61% |       72822      3.04%     81.65% |       72443      3.02%     84.67% |       72101      3.01%     87.67% |       72532      3.02%     90.70% |       71951      3.00%     93.70% |       74794      3.12%     96.82% |       76281      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2397961                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |          22      3.22%      3.22% |          23      3.36%      6.58% |          22      3.22%      9.80% |          27      3.95%     13.74% |          35      5.12%     18.86% |          31      4.53%     23.39% |          39      5.70%     29.09% |          25      3.65%     32.75% |          17      2.49%     35.23% |          20      2.92%     38.16% |          20      2.92%     41.08% |          16      2.34%     43.42% |          33      4.82%     48.25% |          17      2.49%     50.73% |          17      2.49%     53.22% |          23      3.36%     56.58% |          14      2.05%     58.63% |          19      2.78%     61.40% |           9      1.32%     62.72% |          16      2.34%     65.06% |          28      4.09%     69.15% |          15      2.19%     71.35% |          31      4.53%     75.88% |          19      2.78%     78.65% |          17      2.49%     81.14% |          22      3.22%     84.36% |          24      3.51%     87.87% |          15      2.19%     90.06% |          20      2.92%     92.98% |          14      2.05%     95.03% |           8      1.17%     96.20% |          26      3.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total          684                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       27697      4.04%      4.04% |       21238      3.10%      7.13% |       21264      3.10%     10.23% |       21231      3.09%     13.33% |       21229      3.09%     16.42% |       21208      3.09%     19.51% |       21257      3.10%     22.61% |       21208      3.09%     25.70% |       21235      3.10%     28.80% |       21225      3.09%     31.89% |       21295      3.10%     34.99% |       21265      3.10%     38.09% |       21230      3.09%     41.19% |       21232      3.09%     44.28% |       21269      3.10%     47.38% |       21248      3.10%     50.48% |       21258      3.10%     53.58% |       21255      3.10%     56.68% |       21280      3.10%     59.78% |       21241      3.10%     62.87% |       21218      3.09%     65.97% |       21193      3.09%     69.05% |       21242      3.10%     72.15% |       21230      3.09%     75.24% |       21206      3.09%     78.34% |       21238      3.10%     81.43% |       21245      3.10%     84.53% |       21230      3.09%     87.62% |       21240      3.10%     90.72% |       21224      3.09%     93.81% |       21241      3.10%     96.91% |       21222      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       686094                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       19010      3.16%      3.16% |       18868      3.14%      6.30% |       18794      3.13%      9.43% |       18809      3.13%     12.55% |       18738      3.12%     15.67% |       18711      3.11%     18.78% |       18698      3.11%     21.89% |       18824      3.13%     25.02% |       18741      3.12%     28.14% |       18824      3.13%     31.27% |       18757      3.12%     34.39% |       18711      3.11%     37.50% |       18720      3.11%     40.62% |       18733      3.12%     43.73% |       18764      3.12%     46.85% |       18756      3.12%     49.97% |       18748      3.12%     53.09% |       18803      3.13%     56.22% |       18751      3.12%     59.34% |       18732      3.12%     62.45% |       18753      3.12%     65.57% |       18893      3.14%     68.71% |       18780      3.12%     71.84% |       18771      3.12%     74.96% |       18866      3.14%     78.10% |       18898      3.14%     81.24% |       18848      3.13%     84.37% |       18727      3.11%     87.49% |       18773      3.12%     90.61% |       18797      3.13%     93.74% |       18797      3.13%     96.86% |       18857      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       601252                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       47818      3.62%      3.62% |       41153      3.12%      6.74% |       41104      3.11%      9.85% |       41086      3.11%     12.96% |       41011      3.10%     16.06% |       40963      3.10%     19.16% |       41001      3.10%     22.27% |       41078      3.11%     25.38% |       41022      3.11%     28.48% |       41096      3.11%     31.60% |       41097      3.11%     34.71% |       41021      3.11%     37.81% |       40995      3.10%     40.92% |       41010      3.10%     44.02% |       41077      3.11%     47.13% |       41049      3.11%     50.24% |       41051      3.11%     53.35% |       41104      3.11%     56.46% |       41077      3.11%     59.57% |       41019      3.11%     62.67% |       41017      3.11%     65.78% |       41133      3.11%     68.89% |       41068      3.11%     72.00% |       41046      3.11%     75.11% |       41118      3.11%     78.22% |       41183      3.12%     81.34% |       41139      3.11%     84.45% |       41001      3.10%     87.56% |       41058      3.11%     90.67% |       41067      3.11%     93.78% |       41084      3.11%     96.89% |       41126      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1320872                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       46794      3.63%      3.63% |       40130      3.12%      6.75% |       40080      3.11%      9.86% |       40062      3.11%     12.97% |       39987      3.10%     16.07% |       39939      3.10%     19.17% |       39977      3.10%     22.28% |       40054      3.11%     25.39% |       39998      3.11%     28.49% |       40072      3.11%     31.60% |       40073      3.11%     34.72% |       39997      3.11%     37.82% |       39971      3.10%     40.92% |       39986      3.10%     44.03% |       40054      3.11%     47.14% |       40025      3.11%     50.24% |       40027      3.11%     53.35% |       40080      3.11%     56.46% |       40053      3.11%     59.57% |       39995      3.10%     62.68% |       39993      3.10%     65.78% |       40109      3.11%     68.90% |       40044      3.11%     72.00% |       40022      3.11%     75.11% |       40094      3.11%     78.22% |       40159      3.12%     81.34% |       40115      3.11%     84.46% |       39977      3.10%     87.56% |       40034      3.11%     90.67% |       40043      3.11%     93.78% |       40060      3.11%     96.89% |       40102      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1288106                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        2247      3.33%      3.33% |        2083      3.09%      6.42% |        2073      3.07%      9.49% |        2067      3.06%     12.56% |        2103      3.12%     15.67% |        2072      3.07%     18.74% |        1995      2.96%     21.70% |        2171      3.22%     24.92% |        2099      3.11%     28.03% |        2058      3.05%     31.08% |        2052      3.04%     34.12% |        2105      3.12%     37.24% |        2140      3.17%     40.41% |        2112      3.13%     43.55% |        2043      3.03%     46.57% |        2128      3.15%     49.73% |        2148      3.18%     52.91% |        2103      3.12%     56.03% |        2084      3.09%     59.12% |        2136      3.17%     62.28% |        2177      3.23%     65.51% |        2176      3.23%     68.74% |        2102      3.12%     71.85% |        2160      3.20%     75.05% |        2159      3.20%     78.25% |        2101      3.11%     81.37% |        2044      3.03%     84.40% |        2122      3.15%     87.54% |        2099      3.11%     90.66% |        2130      3.16%     93.81% |        2045      3.03%     96.84% |        2129      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total        67463                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        1459      2.68%      2.68% |        1525      2.80%      5.48% |        1569      2.88%      8.37% |        1558      2.86%     11.23% |        1604      2.95%     14.18% |        1651      3.03%     17.21% |        1697      3.12%     20.33% |        1704      3.13%     23.46% |        1756      3.23%     26.69% |        1839      3.38%     30.07% |        1922      3.53%     33.60% |        1864      3.43%     37.03% |        1884      3.46%     40.49% |        1886      3.47%     43.95% |        1858      3.41%     47.37% |        1831      3.36%     50.73% |        1845      3.39%     54.12% |        1823      3.35%     57.47% |        1831      3.36%     60.84% |        1779      3.27%     64.11% |        1778      3.27%     67.38% |        1680      3.09%     70.46% |        1686      3.10%     73.56% |        1623      2.98%     76.54% |        1605      2.95%     79.49% |        1582      2.91%     82.40% |        1568      2.88%     85.28% |        1551      2.85%     88.13% |        1606      2.95%     91.08% |        1594      2.93%     94.01% |        1639      3.01%     97.02% |        1619      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        54416                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        4307      3.15%      3.15% |        4294      3.14%      6.29% |        4406      3.22%      9.51% |        4363      3.19%     12.70% |        4320      3.16%     15.85% |        4376      3.20%     19.05% |        4401      3.22%     22.27% |        4392      3.21%     25.48% |        4351      3.18%     28.66% |        4275      3.12%     31.78% |        4374      3.20%     34.98% |        4245      3.10%     38.08% |        4239      3.10%     41.18% |        4269      3.12%     44.30% |        4265      3.12%     47.42% |        4191      3.06%     50.48% |        4207      3.07%     53.56% |        4188      3.06%     56.62% |        4292      3.14%     59.76% |        4171      3.05%     62.80% |        4216      3.08%     65.89% |        4172      3.05%     68.94% |        4189      3.06%     72.00% |        4161      3.04%     75.04% |        4199      3.07%     78.11% |        4203      3.07%     81.18% |        4307      3.15%     84.33% |        4293      3.14%     87.47% |        4281      3.13%     90.60% |        4269      3.12%     93.72% |        4316      3.15%     96.87% |        4282      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total       136814                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        4936      3.17%      3.17% |        4848      3.12%      6.29% |        4802      3.09%      9.38% |        4844      3.11%     12.49% |        4852      3.12%     15.61% |        4824      3.10%     18.71% |        4800      3.09%     21.79% |        4909      3.16%     24.95% |        4891      3.14%     28.09% |        4846      3.11%     31.21% |        4919      3.16%     34.37% |        4890      3.14%     37.51% |        4924      3.16%     40.68% |        4878      3.14%     43.81% |        4871      3.13%     46.94% |        4836      3.11%     50.05% |        4907      3.15%     53.21% |        4841      3.11%     56.32% |        4845      3.11%     59.43% |        4778      3.07%     62.50% |        4788      3.08%     65.58% |        4898      3.15%     68.73% |        4777      3.07%     71.80% |        4802      3.09%     74.89% |        4891      3.14%     78.03% |        4909      3.16%     81.19% |        4896      3.15%     84.33% |        4791      3.08%     87.41% |        4874      3.13%     90.54% |        4919      3.16%     93.71% |        4913      3.16%     96.86% |        4879      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       155578                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        1454      2.68%      2.68% |        1521      2.80%      5.48% |        1565      2.88%      8.36% |        1553      2.86%     11.22% |        1599      2.94%     14.16% |        1646      3.03%     17.20% |        1692      3.12%     20.31% |        1703      3.14%     23.45% |        1755      3.23%     26.68% |        1838      3.38%     30.06% |        1919      3.53%     33.60% |        1862      3.43%     37.03% |        1878      3.46%     40.48% |        1883      3.47%     43.95% |        1854      3.41%     47.37% |        1826      3.36%     50.73% |        1844      3.40%     54.12% |        1821      3.35%     57.48% |        1827      3.36%     60.84% |        1775      3.27%     64.11% |        1777      3.27%     67.38% |        1678      3.09%     70.47% |        1678      3.09%     73.56% |        1618      2.98%     76.54% |        1600      2.95%     79.49% |        1581      2.91%     82.40% |        1563      2.88%     85.28% |        1547      2.85%     88.13% |        1603      2.95%     91.08% |        1592      2.93%     94.01% |        1637      3.01%     97.02% |        1616      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        54305                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      150130      5.75%      5.75% |       80167      3.07%      8.83% |       78794      3.02%     11.85% |       79690      3.05%     14.90% |       78943      3.03%     17.93% |       78518      3.01%     20.94% |       78441      3.01%     23.94% |       78067      2.99%     26.93% |       78507      3.01%     29.94% |       79665      3.05%     33.00% |       80615      3.09%     36.08% |       80171      3.07%     39.16% |       79796      3.06%     42.22% |       78376      3.00%     45.22% |       77857      2.98%     48.20% |       78079      2.99%     51.20% |       79175      3.03%     54.23% |       78683      3.02%     57.25% |       79295      3.04%     60.29% |       79482      3.05%     63.33% |       79236      3.04%     66.37% |       81243      3.11%     69.48% |       79510      3.05%     72.53% |       79029      3.03%     75.56% |       79052      3.03%     78.59% |       79349      3.04%     81.63% |       78918      3.02%     84.65% |       78573      3.01%     87.66% |       79068      3.03%     90.69% |       78592      3.01%     93.71% |       81316      3.12%     96.82% |       82884      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2609221                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         174     11.42%     11.42% |          48      3.15%     14.57% |          44      2.89%     17.45% |          44      2.89%     20.34% |          40      2.62%     22.97% |          42      2.76%     25.72% |          44      2.89%     28.61% |          44      2.89%     31.50% |          44      2.89%     34.38% |          46      3.02%     37.40% |          42      2.76%     40.16% |          42      2.76%     42.91% |          42      2.76%     45.67% |          42      2.76%     48.43% |          42      2.76%     51.18% |          42      2.76%     53.94% |          42      2.76%     56.69% |          44      2.89%     59.58% |          44      2.89%     62.47% |          44      2.89%     65.35% |          44      2.89%     68.24% |          46      3.02%     71.26% |          44      2.89%     74.15% |          42      2.76%     76.90% |          44      2.89%     79.79% |          46      3.02%     82.81% |          44      2.89%     85.70% |          42      2.76%     88.45% |          42      2.76%     91.21% |          44      2.89%     94.09% |          44      2.89%     96.98% |          46      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1524                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         469      3.23%      3.23% |         416      2.86%      6.09% |         425      2.93%      9.02% |         421      2.90%     11.92% |         432      2.97%     14.89% |         408      2.81%     17.70% |         430      2.96%     20.66% |         480      3.30%     23.96% |         448      3.08%     27.05% |         433      2.98%     30.03% |         459      3.16%     33.19% |         460      3.17%     36.35% |         489      3.37%     39.72% |         468      3.22%     42.94% |         480      3.30%     46.24% |         469      3.23%     49.47% |         480      3.30%     52.78% |         484      3.33%     56.11% |         481      3.31%     59.42% |         449      3.09%     62.51% |         436      3.00%     65.51% |         464      3.19%     68.71% |         426      2.93%     71.64% |         427      2.94%     74.58% |         475      3.27%     77.85% |         497      3.42%     81.27% |         475      3.27%     84.54% |         429      2.95%     87.49% |         458      3.15%     90.65% |         469      3.23%     93.87% |         465      3.20%     97.07% |         425      2.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        14527                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       25175      4.21%      4.21% |       18615      3.11%      7.32% |       18541      3.10%     10.42% |       18518      3.09%     13.51% |       18480      3.09%     16.60% |       18465      3.09%     19.68% |       18462      3.08%     22.77% |       18471      3.09%     25.85% |       18453      3.08%     28.94% |       18543      3.10%     32.04% |       18532      3.10%     35.13% |       18436      3.08%     38.21% |       18404      3.08%     41.29% |       18455      3.08%     44.37% |       18484      3.09%     47.46% |       18453      3.08%     50.54% |       18454      3.08%     53.63% |       18489      3.09%     56.72% |       18468      3.09%     59.80% |       18441      3.08%     62.88% |       18429      3.08%     65.96% |       18538      3.10%     69.06% |       18525      3.10%     72.16% |       18473      3.09%     75.24% |       18501      3.09%     78.33% |       18564      3.10%     81.44% |       18557      3.10%     84.54% |       18461      3.08%     87.62% |       18509      3.09%     90.71% |       18504      3.09%     93.81% |       18489      3.09%     96.89% |       18583      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       598472                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       22174      3.13%      3.13% |       22122      3.13%      6.26% |       22138      3.13%      9.38% |       22147      3.13%     12.51% |       22099      3.12%     15.64% |       22091      3.12%     18.76% |       22109      3.12%     21.88% |       22127      3.13%     25.01% |       22121      3.12%     28.13% |       22120      3.12%     31.26% |       22106      3.12%     34.38% |       22125      3.13%     37.50% |       22102      3.12%     40.63% |       22087      3.12%     43.75% |       22113      3.12%     46.87% |       22127      3.13%     50.00% |       22117      3.12%     53.12% |       22131      3.13%     56.25% |       22128      3.13%     59.37% |       22129      3.13%     62.50% |       22152      3.13%     65.63% |       22131      3.13%     68.75% |       22117      3.12%     71.88% |       22146      3.13%     75.01% |       22142      3.13%     78.14% |       22122      3.13%     81.26% |       22107      3.12%     84.38% |       22112      3.12%     87.51% |       22091      3.12%     90.63% |       22094      3.12%     93.75% |       22130      3.13%     96.88% |       22118      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       707875                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |          11      3.56%      3.56% |          10      3.24%      6.80% |          10      3.24%     10.03% |          11      3.56%     13.59% |          17      5.50%     19.09% |          15      4.85%     23.95% |          19      6.15%     30.10% |          12      3.88%     33.98% |           8      2.59%     36.57% |           9      2.91%     39.48% |          10      3.24%     42.72% |           9      2.91%     45.63% |          17      5.50%     51.13% |           7      2.27%     53.40% |           9      2.91%     56.31% |          10      3.24%     59.55% |           6      1.94%     61.49% |           8      2.59%     64.08% |           2      0.65%     64.72% |           8      2.59%     67.31% |          11      3.56%     70.87% |           5      1.62%     72.49% |          15      4.85%     77.35% |           7      2.27%     79.61% |           7      2.27%     81.88% |          10      3.24%     85.11% |           9      2.91%     88.03% |           6      1.94%     89.97% |           9      2.91%     92.88% |           6      1.94%     94.82% |           3      0.97%     95.79% |          13      4.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total          309                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3380      3.10%      3.10% |        3265      3.00%      6.10% |        2996      2.75%      8.85% |        3066      2.82%     11.67% |        3043      2.79%     14.47% |        3558      3.27%     17.73% |        3265      3.00%     20.73% |        2812      2.58%     23.31% |        3062      2.81%     26.13% |        4674      4.29%     30.42% |        3411      3.13%     33.55% |        3329      3.06%     36.61% |        2989      2.75%     39.35% |        3914      3.59%     42.95% |        3345      3.07%     46.02% |        3310      3.04%     49.06% |        3632      3.34%     52.40% |        3663      3.36%     55.76% |        3162      2.90%     58.67% |        2880      2.65%     61.31% |        2631      2.42%     63.73% |        3271      3.00%     66.73% |        3086      2.83%     69.57% |        2926      2.69%     72.25% |        3121      2.87%     75.12% |        3218      2.96%     78.08% |        2761      2.54%     80.61% |        4179      3.84%     84.45% |        3520      3.23%     87.68% |        4763      4.37%     92.06% |        4635      4.26%     96.31% |        4014      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108881                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        7846      3.05%      3.05% |        7761      3.01%      6.06% |        7881      3.06%      9.12% |        7896      3.07%     12.19% |        7977      3.10%     15.29% |        8050      3.13%     18.42% |        8060      3.13%     21.55% |        8147      3.16%     24.71% |        8076      3.14%     27.85% |        7937      3.08%     30.93% |        8084      3.14%     34.07% |        8052      3.13%     37.20% |        8101      3.15%     40.34% |        8089      3.14%     43.49% |        8135      3.16%     46.65% |        8167      3.17%     49.82% |        8252      3.21%     53.02% |        8237      3.20%     56.22% |        8282      3.22%     59.44% |        8184      3.18%     62.62% |        8166      3.17%     65.79% |        8059      3.13%     68.92% |        7996      3.11%     72.03% |        8021      3.12%     75.14% |        8072      3.14%     78.28% |        8086      3.14%     81.42% |        8115      3.15%     84.57% |        8089      3.14%     87.71% |        8007      3.11%     90.82% |        7900      3.07%     93.89% |        7884      3.06%     96.95% |        7844      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total       257453                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      4.00%      4.00% |           4     16.00%     20.00% |           2      8.00%     28.00% |           4     16.00%     44.00% |           1      4.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           1      4.00%     52.00% |           1      4.00%     56.00% |           0      0.00%     56.00% |           4     16.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           5     20.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           1      4.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           1      0.50%      0.50% |           5      2.49%      2.99% |           7      3.48%      6.47% |           2      1.00%      7.46% |           1      0.50%      7.96% |           7      3.48%     11.44% |           5      2.49%     13.93% |           5      2.49%     16.42% |           5      2.49%     18.91% |          10      4.98%     23.88% |           9      4.48%     28.36% |           5      2.49%     30.85% |           4      1.99%     32.84% |           9      4.48%     37.31% |          11      5.47%     42.79% |           3      1.49%     44.28% |           9      4.48%     48.76% |           7      3.48%     52.24% |           7      3.48%     55.72% |           5      2.49%     58.21% |           7      3.48%     61.69% |           8      3.98%     65.67% |          10      4.98%     70.65% |           9      4.48%     75.12% |           6      2.99%     78.11% |           7      3.48%     81.59% |           6      2.99%     84.58% |           6      2.99%     87.56% |           7      3.48%     91.04% |           5      2.49%     93.53% |           4      1.99%     95.52% |           9      4.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total          201                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        3135      3.15%      3.15% |        3067      3.08%      6.22% |        3097      3.11%      9.33% |        3106      3.12%     12.45% |        3113      3.12%     15.57% |        3115      3.13%     18.70% |        3162      3.17%     21.87% |        3188      3.20%     25.07% |        3174      3.19%     28.26% |        3130      3.14%     31.40% |        3179      3.19%     34.59% |        3135      3.15%     37.74% |        3191      3.20%     40.94% |        3152      3.16%     44.10% |        3150      3.16%     47.26% |        3102      3.11%     50.38% |        3143      3.15%     53.53% |        3112      3.12%     56.65% |        3157      3.17%     59.82% |        3057      3.07%     62.89% |        3074      3.09%     65.98% |        3058      3.07%     69.05% |        3021      3.03%     72.08% |        3004      3.01%     75.09% |        3104      3.12%     78.21% |        3105      3.12%     81.32% |        3128      3.14%     84.46% |        3058      3.07%     87.53% |        3119      3.13%     90.66% |        3096      3.11%     93.77% |        3132      3.14%     96.91% |        3076      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        99640                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.15%      5.15% |           8      8.25%     13.40% |           7      7.22%     20.62% |           8      8.25%     28.87% |           2      2.06%     30.93% |           6      6.19%     37.11% |           5      5.15%     42.27% |           1      1.03%     43.30% |           0      0.00%     43.30% |           1      1.03%     44.33% |           3      3.09%     47.42% |           3      3.09%     50.52% |           4      4.12%     54.64% |           0      0.00%     54.64% |           7      7.22%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           1      1.03%     62.89% |          11     11.34%     74.23% |           4      4.12%     78.35% |           1      1.03%     79.38% |           0      0.00%     79.38% |           2      2.06%     81.44% |           2      2.06%     83.51% |           4      4.12%     87.63% |           5      5.15%     92.78% |           2      2.06%     94.85% |           1      1.03%     95.88% |           2      2.06%     97.94% |           0      0.00%     97.94% |           1      1.03%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       83340      8.75%      8.75% |       28869      3.03%     11.79% |       27802      2.92%     14.71% |       28548      3.00%     17.70% |       27978      2.94%     20.64% |       27656      2.90%     23.55% |       27235      2.86%     26.41% |       27163      2.85%     29.26% |       27482      2.89%     32.15% |       27802      2.92%     35.07% |       29377      3.09%     38.15% |       28979      3.04%     41.20% |       28476      2.99%     44.19% |       27420      2.88%     47.07% |       26822      2.82%     49.89% |       27063      2.84%     52.73% |       28087      2.95%     55.68% |       27540      2.89%     58.57% |       27814      2.92%     61.49% |       28087      2.95%     64.44% |       28045      2.95%     67.39% |       28875      3.03%     70.42% |       28301      2.97%     73.39% |       27801      2.92%     76.31% |       27875      2.93%     79.24% |       28091      2.95%     82.19% |       27542      2.89%     85.08% |       27378      2.88%     87.96% |       28003      2.94%     90.90% |       27464      2.88%     93.79% |       28082      2.95%     96.74% |       31080      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       952077                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       19911      5.53%      5.53% |       10940      3.04%      8.56% |       10699      2.97%     11.53% |       10895      3.02%     14.56% |       10746      2.98%     17.54% |       10639      2.95%     20.49% |       10980      3.05%     23.54% |       10637      2.95%     26.49% |       10751      2.98%     29.48% |       11405      3.17%     32.64% |       10767      2.99%     35.63% |       10812      3.00%     38.63% |       11016      3.06%     41.69% |       10601      2.94%     44.63% |       10667      2.96%     47.59% |       10672      2.96%     50.55% |       10757      2.99%     53.54% |       10750      2.98%     56.52% |       11131      3.09%     59.61% |       11039      3.06%     62.67% |       10849      3.01%     65.69% |       11982      3.33%     69.01% |       10855      3.01%     72.02% |       10938      3.04%     75.06% |       10914      3.03%     78.09% |       10928      3.03%     81.12% |       11091      3.08%     84.20% |       10999      3.05%     87.25% |       10802      3.00%     90.25% |       10819      3.00%     93.25% |       12906      3.58%     96.84% |       11399      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       360297                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       26166      4.10%      4.10% |       19772      3.10%      7.19% |       19818      3.10%     10.30% |       19807      3.10%     13.40% |       19727      3.09%     16.49% |       19740      3.09%     19.58% |       19846      3.11%     22.68% |       19691      3.08%     25.77% |       19766      3.09%     28.86% |       19797      3.10%     31.96% |       19823      3.10%     35.07% |       19759      3.09%     38.16% |       19694      3.08%     41.24% |       19714      3.09%     44.33% |       19813      3.10%     47.43% |       19743      3.09%     50.52% |       19729      3.09%     53.61% |       19763      3.09%     56.71% |       19782      3.10%     59.80% |       19748      3.09%     62.90% |       19713      3.09%     65.98% |       19701      3.08%     69.07% |       19773      3.10%     72.16% |       19739      3.09%     75.25% |       19735      3.09%     78.34% |       19782      3.10%     81.44% |       19805      3.10%     84.54% |       19739      3.09%     87.63% |       19743      3.09%     90.72% |       19697      3.08%     93.81% |       19816      3.10%     96.91% |       19729      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       638670                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       13407      3.15%      3.15% |       13399      3.15%      6.30% |       13361      3.14%      9.44% |       13317      3.13%     12.57% |       13280      3.12%     15.69% |       13277      3.12%     18.81% |       13309      3.13%     21.93% |       13260      3.12%     25.05% |       13219      3.11%     28.16% |       13347      3.14%     31.29% |       13255      3.11%     34.41% |       13220      3.11%     37.51% |       13186      3.10%     40.61% |       13258      3.12%     43.73% |       13302      3.13%     46.85% |       13292      3.12%     49.98% |       13221      3.11%     53.08% |       13349      3.14%     56.22% |       13316      3.13%     59.35% |       13307      3.13%     62.48% |       13292      3.12%     65.60% |       13309      3.13%     68.73% |       13362      3.14%     71.87% |       13295      3.12%     74.99% |       13282      3.12%     78.11% |       13343      3.14%     81.25% |       13343      3.14%     84.38% |       13301      3.13%     87.51% |       13294      3.12%     90.63% |       13273      3.12%     93.75% |       13262      3.12%     96.87% |       13339      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       425577                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        1454      2.68%      2.68% |        1521      2.80%      5.48% |        1565      2.88%      8.36% |        1553      2.86%     11.22% |        1599      2.94%     14.16% |        1646      3.03%     17.20% |        1692      3.12%     20.31% |        1703      3.14%     23.45% |        1755      3.23%     26.68% |        1838      3.38%     30.06% |        1919      3.53%     33.60% |        1862      3.43%     37.03% |        1878      3.46%     40.48% |        1883      3.47%     43.95% |        1854      3.41%     47.37% |        1826      3.36%     50.73% |        1844      3.40%     54.12% |        1821      3.35%     57.48% |        1827      3.36%     60.84% |        1775      3.27%     64.11% |        1777      3.27%     67.38% |        1678      3.09%     70.47% |        1678      3.09%     73.56% |        1618      2.98%     76.54% |        1600      2.95%     79.49% |        1581      2.91%     82.40% |        1563      2.88%     85.28% |        1547      2.85%     88.13% |        1603      2.95%     91.08% |        1592      2.93%     94.01% |        1637      3.01%     97.02% |        1616      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        54305                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         777      3.10%      3.10% |         792      3.16%      6.25% |         774      3.08%      9.33% |         772      3.08%     12.41% |         793      3.16%     15.57% |         804      3.20%     18.77% |         788      3.14%     21.91% |         776      3.09%     25.00% |         783      3.12%     28.12% |         787      3.14%     31.26% |         778      3.10%     34.36% |         789      3.14%     37.50% |         789      3.14%     40.65% |         799      3.18%     43.83% |         781      3.11%     46.94% |         776      3.09%     50.03% |         782      3.12%     53.15% |         776      3.09%     56.24% |         773      3.08%     59.32% |         795      3.17%     62.49% |         787      3.14%     65.62% |         794      3.16%     68.78% |         781      3.11%     71.90% |         769      3.06%     74.96% |         769      3.06%     78.02% |         777      3.10%     81.12% |         799      3.18%     84.30% |         788      3.14%     87.44% |         786      3.13%     90.57% |         800      3.19%     93.76% |         783      3.12%     96.88% |         783      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total        25100                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      143545      5.99%      5.99% |       73692      3.07%      9.06% |       72363      3.02%     12.08% |       73259      3.06%     15.13% |       72392      3.02%     18.15% |       71987      3.00%     21.16% |       72045      3.00%     24.16% |       71418      2.98%     27.14% |       71874      3.00%     30.14% |       72989      3.04%     33.18% |       73848      3.08%     36.26% |       73393      3.06%     39.32% |       72990      3.04%     42.37% |       71596      2.99%     45.35% |       71210      2.97%     48.32% |       71384      2.98%     51.30% |       72405      3.02%     54.32% |       72005      3.00%     57.32% |       72656      3.03%     60.36% |       72800      3.04%     63.39% |       72524      3.02%     66.42% |       74501      3.11%     69.52% |       72934      3.04%     72.57% |       72432      3.02%     75.59% |       72473      3.02%     78.61% |       72810      3.04%     81.65% |       72434      3.02%     84.67% |       72089      3.01%     87.67% |       72519      3.02%     90.70% |       71939      3.00%     93.70% |       74787      3.12%     96.82% |       76264      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2397557                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |        1531      3.23%      3.23% |        1464      3.09%      6.32% |        1445      3.05%      9.37% |        1423      3.00%     12.37% |        1501      3.17%     15.53% |        1466      3.09%     18.63% |        1410      2.97%     21.60% |        1517      3.20%     24.80% |        1469      3.10%     27.90% |        1427      3.01%     30.91% |        1471      3.10%     34.01% |        1506      3.18%     37.19% |        1535      3.24%     40.43% |        1518      3.20%     43.63% |        1455      3.07%     46.70% |        1505      3.17%     49.87% |        1529      3.23%     53.10% |        1492      3.15%     56.25% |        1497      3.16%     59.40% |        1493      3.15%     62.55% |        1505      3.17%     65.73% |        1492      3.15%     68.88% |        1469      3.10%     71.97% |        1491      3.15%     75.12% |        1470      3.10%     78.22% |        1453      3.07%     81.29% |        1440      3.04%     84.32% |        1491      3.15%     87.47% |        1497      3.16%     90.63% |        1527      3.22%     93.85% |        1425      3.01%     96.85% |        1492      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total        47406                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |        2468      3.25%      3.25% |        2402      3.16%      6.40% |        2336      3.07%      9.48% |        2386      3.14%     12.62% |        2345      3.08%     15.70% |        2319      3.05%     18.75% |        2227      2.93%     21.68% |        2376      3.12%     24.80% |        2348      3.09%     27.89% |        2347      3.09%     30.98% |        2323      3.06%     34.03% |        2356      3.10%     37.13% |        2343      3.08%     40.21% |        2323      3.06%     43.27% |        2312      3.04%     46.31% |        2362      3.11%     49.42% |        2384      3.14%     52.55% |        2342      3.08%     55.63% |        2278      3.00%     58.63% |        2368      3.11%     61.74% |        2387      3.14%     64.88% |        2526      3.32%     68.20% |        2397      3.15%     71.36% |        2472      3.25%     74.61% |        2480      3.26%     77.87% |        2450      3.22%     81.09% |        2377      3.13%     84.22% |        2368      3.11%     87.33% |        2360      3.10%     90.43% |        2428      3.19%     93.63% |        2403      3.16%     96.79% |        2442      3.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total        76035                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27     30.68%     30.68% |           0      0.00%     30.68% |           0      0.00%     30.68% |           0      0.00%     30.68% |           0      0.00%     30.68% |           0      0.00%     30.68% |           0      0.00%     30.68% |           0      0.00%     30.68% |           0      0.00%     30.68% |           0      0.00%     30.68% |           0      0.00%     30.68% |           0      0.00%     30.68% |           0      0.00%     30.68% |           0      0.00%     30.68% |           0      0.00%     30.68% |           0      0.00%     30.68% |           0      0.00%     30.68% |           0      0.00%     30.68% |           0      0.00%     30.68% |           0      0.00%     30.68% |           0      0.00%     30.68% |          19     21.59%     52.27% |          20     22.73%     75.00% |          22     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           88                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           3      1.92%      1.92% |           1      0.64%      2.56% |           2      1.28%      3.85% |           2      1.28%      5.13% |           0      0.00%      5.13% |           1      0.64%      5.77% |           0      0.00%      5.77% |           1      0.64%      6.41% |           1      0.64%      7.05% |           3      1.92%      8.97% |          25     16.03%     25.00% |           2      1.28%     26.28% |           1      0.64%     26.92% |           5      3.21%     30.13% |           2      1.28%     31.41% |           3      1.92%     33.33% |           2      1.28%     34.62% |           2      1.28%     35.90% |           3      1.92%     37.82% |           2      1.28%     39.10% |           1      0.64%     39.74% |          61     39.10%     78.85% |          18     11.54%     90.38% |           2      1.28%     91.67% |           2      1.28%     92.95% |           1      0.64%     93.59% |           4      2.56%     96.15% |           3      1.92%     98.08% |           0      0.00%     98.08% |           0      0.00%     98.08% |           1      0.64%     98.72% |           2      1.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          156                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.44%      2.44% |           1      2.44%      4.88% |           0      0.00%      4.88% |           1      2.44%      7.32% |           0      0.00%      7.32% |           1      2.44%      9.76% |           0      0.00%      9.76% |           0      0.00%      9.76% |           0      0.00%      9.76% |           1      2.44%     12.20% |           1      2.44%     14.63% |           0      0.00%     14.63% |           0      0.00%     14.63% |           1      2.44%     17.07% |           0      0.00%     17.07% |           1      2.44%     19.51% |           0      0.00%     19.51% |           0      0.00%     19.51% |          26     63.41%     82.93% |           2      4.88%     87.80% |           0      0.00%     87.80% |           1      2.44%     90.24% |           1      2.44%     92.68% |           0      0.00%     92.68% |           0      0.00%     92.68% |           1      2.44%     95.12% |           2      4.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           41                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           2      2.35%      2.35% |           3      3.53%      5.88% |           2      2.35%      8.24% |           5      5.88%     14.12% |           2      2.35%     16.47% |           2      2.35%     18.82% |           2      2.35%     21.18% |           2      2.35%     23.53% |           1      1.18%     24.71% |           2      2.35%     27.06% |           1      1.18%     28.24% |           1      1.18%     29.41% |           0      0.00%     29.41% |           2      2.35%     31.76% |           1      1.18%     32.94% |           2      2.35%     35.29% |           2      2.35%     37.65% |           3      3.53%     41.18% |           5      5.88%     47.06% |           3      3.53%     50.59% |           6      7.06%     57.65% |           5      5.88%     63.53% |           2      2.35%     65.88% |           5      5.88%     71.76% |           2      2.35%     74.12% |           2      2.35%     76.47% |           6      7.06%     83.53% |           3      3.53%     87.06% |           3      3.53%     90.59% |           3      3.53%     94.12% |           2      2.35%     96.47% |           3      3.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           85                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       46794      3.63%      3.63% |       40130      3.12%      6.75% |       40080      3.11%      9.86% |       40062      3.11%     12.97% |       39987      3.10%     16.07% |       39939      3.10%     19.17% |       39977      3.10%     22.28% |       40054      3.11%     25.39% |       39998      3.11%     28.49% |       40072      3.11%     31.60% |       40073      3.11%     34.72% |       39997      3.11%     37.82% |       39971      3.10%     40.92% |       39986      3.10%     44.03% |       40054      3.11%     47.14% |       40025      3.11%     50.24% |       40027      3.11%     53.35% |       40080      3.11%     56.46% |       40053      3.11%     59.57% |       39995      3.10%     62.68% |       39993      3.10%     65.78% |       40109      3.11%     68.90% |       40044      3.11%     72.00% |       40022      3.11%     75.11% |       40094      3.11%     78.22% |       40159      3.12%     81.34% |       40115      3.11%     84.46% |       39977      3.10%     87.56% |       40034      3.11%     90.67% |       40043      3.11%     93.78% |       40060      3.11%     96.89% |       40102      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1288106                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           3      1.96%      1.96% |           5      3.27%      5.23% |           6      3.92%      9.15% |           5      3.27%     12.42% |           9      5.88%     18.30% |           8      5.23%     23.53% |          11      7.19%     30.72% |           7      4.58%     35.29% |           6      3.92%     39.22% |           7      4.58%     43.79% |           6      3.92%     47.71% |           3      1.96%     49.67% |           8      5.23%     54.90% |           3      1.96%     56.86% |           1      0.65%     57.52% |           5      3.27%     60.78% |           2      1.31%     62.09% |           5      3.27%     65.36% |           1      0.65%     66.01% |           4      2.61%     68.63% |           7      4.58%     73.20% |           3      1.96%     75.16% |           6      3.92%     79.08% |           3      1.96%     81.05% |           2      1.31%     82.35% |           7      4.58%     86.93% |           3      1.96%     88.89% |           4      2.61%     91.50% |           4      2.61%     94.12% |           2      1.31%     95.42% |           1      0.65%     96.08% |           6      3.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          153                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |        1582      3.34%      3.34% |        1462      3.08%      6.42% |        1444      3.05%      9.46% |        1422      3.00%     12.46% |        1500      3.16%     15.63% |        1463      3.09%     18.71% |        1409      2.97%     21.68% |        1516      3.20%     24.88% |        1467      3.09%     27.97% |        1426      3.01%     30.98% |        1468      3.10%     34.08% |        1506      3.18%     37.25% |        1535      3.24%     40.49% |        1518      3.20%     43.69% |        1455      3.07%     46.76% |        1505      3.17%     49.93% |        1529      3.22%     53.16% |        1491      3.14%     56.30% |        1496      3.15%     59.46% |        1493      3.15%     62.61% |        1504      3.17%     65.78% |        1488      3.14%     68.92% |        1466      3.09%     72.01% |        1491      3.14%     75.15% |        1469      3.10%     78.25% |        1452      3.06%     81.31% |        1439      3.03%     84.35% |        1489      3.14%     87.49% |        1494      3.15%     90.64% |        1525      3.22%     93.85% |        1424      3.00%     96.86% |        1491      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total        47419                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      7.50%      7.50% |           2      5.00%     12.50% |           1      2.50%     15.00% |           1      2.50%     17.50% |           1      2.50%     20.00% |           2      5.00%     25.00% |           1      2.50%     27.50% |           1      2.50%     30.00% |           2      5.00%     35.00% |           1      2.50%     37.50% |           3      7.50%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      2.50%     47.50% |           1      2.50%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      2.50%     52.50% |           4     10.00%     62.50% |           3      7.50%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           1      2.50%     72.50% |           1      2.50%     75.00% |           1      2.50%     77.50% |           2      5.00%     82.50% |           3      7.50%     90.00% |           2      5.00%     95.00% |           1      2.50%     97.50% |           1      2.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           40                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.17%      4.17% |           0      0.00%      4.17% |           0      0.00%      4.17% |           0      0.00%      4.17% |           1      4.17%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           5     20.83%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           1      4.17%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      4.17%     37.50% |          13     54.17%     91.67% |           1      4.17%     95.83% |           1      4.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           24                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     21.74%     21.74% |          18     78.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           6      4.55%      4.55% |           5      3.79%      8.33% |           4      3.03%     11.36% |           6      4.55%     15.91% |           7      5.30%     21.21% |           6      4.55%     25.76% |           7      5.30%     31.06% |           3      2.27%     33.33% |           2      1.52%     34.85% |           2      1.52%     36.36% |           3      2.27%     38.64% |           3      2.27%     40.91% |           8      6.06%     46.97% |           4      3.03%     50.00% |           6      4.55%     54.55% |           5      3.79%     58.33% |           3      2.27%     60.61% |           3      2.27%     62.88% |           1      0.76%     63.64% |           1      0.76%     64.39% |           4      3.03%     67.42% |           2      1.52%     68.94% |           8      6.06%     75.00% |           4      3.03%     78.03% |           5      3.79%     81.82% |           3      2.27%     84.09% |           6      4.55%     88.64% |           2      1.52%     90.15% |           4      3.03%     93.18% |           3      2.27%     95.45% |           2      1.52%     96.97% |           4      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          132                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |         665      3.32%      3.32% |         621      3.10%      6.42% |         629      3.14%      9.55% |         645      3.22%     12.77% |         603      3.01%     15.78% |         609      3.04%     18.82% |         586      2.92%     21.74% |         655      3.27%     25.01% |         632      3.15%     28.17% |         632      3.15%     31.32% |         584      2.91%     34.23% |         599      2.99%     37.22% |         605      3.02%     40.24% |         594      2.96%     43.20% |         588      2.93%     46.14% |         623      3.11%     49.25% |         619      3.09%     52.34% |         612      3.05%     55.39% |         588      2.93%     58.32% |         643      3.21%     61.53% |         673      3.36%     64.89% |         688      3.43%     68.32% |         636      3.17%     71.49% |         669      3.34%     74.83% |         690      3.44%     78.28% |         647      3.23%     81.50% |         605      3.02%     84.52% |         633      3.16%     87.68% |         605      3.02%     90.70% |         605      3.02%     93.72% |         621      3.10%     96.82% |         638      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total        20042                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           5      4.42%      4.42% |           4      3.54%      7.96% |           4      3.54%     11.50% |           5      4.42%     15.93% |           5      4.42%     20.35% |           5      4.42%     24.78% |           5      4.42%     29.20% |           1      0.88%     30.09% |           1      0.88%     30.97% |           1      0.88%     31.86% |           3      2.65%     34.51% |           2      1.77%     36.28% |           6      5.31%     41.59% |           3      2.65%     44.25% |           4      3.54%     47.79% |           5      4.42%     52.21% |           1      0.88%     53.10% |           2      1.77%     54.87% |           4      3.54%     58.41% |           4      3.54%     61.95% |           1      0.88%     62.83% |           2      1.77%     64.60% |           8      7.08%     71.68% |           5      4.42%     76.11% |           5      4.42%     80.53% |           3      2.65%     83.19% |           5      4.42%     87.61% |           4      3.54%     91.15% |           3      2.65%     93.81% |           2      1.77%     95.58% |           2      1.77%     97.35% |           3      2.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total          113                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |        1798      3.22%      3.22% |        1777      3.18%      6.40% |        1703      3.05%      9.45% |        1736      3.11%     12.55% |        1737      3.11%     15.66% |        1705      3.05%     18.71% |        1636      2.93%     21.64% |        1720      3.08%     24.72% |        1715      3.07%     27.79% |        1714      3.07%     30.85% |        1736      3.11%     33.96% |        1755      3.14%     37.10% |        1732      3.10%     40.20% |        1726      3.09%     43.29% |        1720      3.08%     46.37% |        1734      3.10%     49.47% |        1764      3.16%     52.63% |        1728      3.09%     55.72% |        1686      3.02%     58.74% |        1721      3.08%     61.82% |        1713      3.07%     64.88% |        1836      3.29%     68.17% |        1753      3.14%     71.30% |        1798      3.22%     74.52% |        1785      3.19%     77.72% |        1800      3.22%     80.94% |        1767      3.16%     84.10% |        1731      3.10%     87.20% |        1752      3.14%     90.33% |        1821      3.26%     93.59% |        1780      3.19%     96.78% |        1801      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total        55880                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        4307      3.15%      3.15% |        4294      3.14%      6.29% |        4406      3.22%      9.51% |        4363      3.19%     12.70% |        4320      3.16%     15.85% |        4376      3.20%     19.05% |        4401      3.22%     22.27% |        4392      3.21%     25.48% |        4351      3.18%     28.66% |        4275      3.12%     31.78% |        4374      3.20%     34.98% |        4245      3.10%     38.08% |        4239      3.10%     41.18% |        4269      3.12%     44.30% |        4265      3.12%     47.42% |        4191      3.06%     50.48% |        4207      3.08%     53.56% |        4188      3.06%     56.62% |        4292      3.14%     59.76% |        4171      3.05%     62.81% |        4216      3.08%     65.89% |        4172      3.05%     68.94% |        4189      3.06%     72.00% |        4161      3.04%     75.04% |        4199      3.07%     78.11% |        4201      3.07%     81.18% |        4307      3.15%     84.33% |        4293      3.14%     87.47% |        4281      3.13%     90.60% |        4269      3.12%     93.72% |        4316      3.15%     96.87% |        4282      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total       136812                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        3135      3.15%      3.15% |        3067      3.08%      6.22% |        3097      3.11%      9.33% |        3106      3.12%     12.45% |        3113      3.12%     15.57% |        3115      3.13%     18.70% |        3162      3.17%     21.87% |        3188      3.20%     25.07% |        3174      3.19%     28.26% |        3130      3.14%     31.40% |        3179      3.19%     34.59% |        3135      3.15%     37.74% |        3191      3.20%     40.94% |        3152      3.16%     44.10% |        3150      3.16%     47.26% |        3102      3.11%     50.38% |        3143      3.15%     53.53% |        3112      3.12%     56.65% |        3157      3.17%     59.82% |        3057      3.07%     62.89% |        3074      3.09%     65.98% |        3058      3.07%     69.05% |        3021      3.03%     72.08% |        3004      3.01%     75.09% |        3104      3.12%     78.21% |        3105      3.12%     81.32% |        3128      3.14%     84.46% |        3058      3.07%     87.53% |        3119      3.13%     90.66% |        3096      3.11%     93.77% |        3132      3.14%     96.91% |        3076      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        99640                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |        1249      3.61%      3.61% |        1175      3.39%      7.00% |        1166      3.37%     10.36% |        1195      3.45%     13.81% |        1154      3.33%     17.14% |        1137      3.28%     20.42% |        1133      3.27%     23.69% |        1107      3.20%     26.89% |        1083      3.13%     30.02% |         993      2.87%     32.88% |         946      2.73%     35.61% |         970      2.80%     38.41% |         995      2.87%     41.28% |         986      2.85%     44.13% |        1015      2.93%     47.06% |        1012      2.92%     49.98% |        1022      2.95%     52.93% |        1003      2.89%     55.82% |        1028      2.97%     58.79% |        1011      2.92%     61.71% |        1026      2.96%     64.67% |        1077      3.11%     67.78% |        1069      3.09%     70.87% |        1098      3.17%     74.03% |        1150      3.32%     77.35% |        1133      3.27%     80.62% |        1179      3.40%     84.03% |        1166      3.37%     87.39% |        1125      3.25%     90.64% |        1089      3.14%     93.78% |        1075      3.10%     96.89% |        1079      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total        34646                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       23926      4.24%      4.24% |       17440      3.09%      7.34% |       17375      3.08%     10.42% |       17323      3.07%     13.49% |       17326      3.07%     16.56% |       17328      3.07%     19.64% |       17329      3.07%     22.71% |       17364      3.08%     25.79% |       17370      3.08%     28.87% |       17550      3.11%     31.98% |       17586      3.12%     35.10% |       17466      3.10%     38.20% |       17409      3.09%     41.29% |       17469      3.10%     44.39% |       17469      3.10%     47.48% |       17441      3.09%     50.58% |       17432      3.09%     53.67% |       17486      3.10%     56.77% |       17440      3.09%     59.86% |       17430      3.09%     62.96% |       17403      3.09%     66.04% |       17461      3.10%     69.14% |       17456      3.10%     72.23% |       17375      3.08%     75.32% |       17351      3.08%     78.39% |       17431      3.09%     81.49% |       17378      3.08%     84.57% |       17295      3.07%     87.64% |       17384      3.08%     90.72% |       17415      3.09%     93.81% |       17414      3.09%     96.90% |       17504      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       563826                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           1     11.11%     22.22% |           2     22.22%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1     11.11%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           2     22.22%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |        1718      3.49%      3.49% |        1591      3.24%      6.73% |        1591      3.24%      9.97% |        1616      3.29%     13.25% |        1586      3.23%     16.48% |        1544      3.14%     19.62% |        1563      3.18%     22.80% |        1587      3.23%     26.02% |        1531      3.11%     29.14% |        1426      2.90%     32.04% |        1405      2.86%     34.89% |        1430      2.91%     37.80% |        1484      3.02%     40.82% |        1454      2.96%     43.78% |        1495      3.04%     46.82% |        1481      3.01%     49.83% |        1502      3.05%     52.88% |        1487      3.02%     55.91% |        1509      3.07%     58.98% |        1460      2.97%     61.95% |        1462      2.97%     64.92% |        1541      3.13%     68.05% |        1495      3.04%     71.09% |        1525      3.10%     74.20% |        1625      3.30%     77.50% |        1630      3.31%     80.82% |        1654      3.36%     84.18% |        1594      3.24%     87.42% |        1583      3.22%     90.64% |        1558      3.17%     93.81% |        1540      3.13%     96.94% |        1504      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        49171                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           2     14.29%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           2     14.29%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           2     14.29%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           3     21.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       22174      3.13%      3.13% |       22122      3.13%      6.26% |       22138      3.13%      9.38% |       22147      3.13%     12.51% |       22099      3.12%     15.64% |       22091      3.12%     18.76% |       22109      3.12%     21.88% |       22127      3.13%     25.01% |       22121      3.12%     28.13% |       22120      3.12%     31.26% |       22106      3.12%     34.38% |       22125      3.13%     37.50% |       22102      3.12%     40.63% |       22087      3.12%     43.75% |       22113      3.12%     46.87% |       22127      3.13%     50.00% |       22117      3.12%     53.12% |       22131      3.13%     56.25% |       22128      3.13%     59.37% |       22129      3.13%     62.50% |       22152      3.13%     65.63% |       22131      3.13%     68.75% |       22117      3.12%     71.88% |       22146      3.13%     75.01% |       22142      3.13%     78.14% |       22122      3.13%     81.26% |       22107      3.12%     84.38% |       22112      3.12%     87.51% |       22091      3.12%     90.63% |       22094      3.12%     93.75% |       22130      3.13%     96.88% |       22118      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       707875                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.35%      4.35% |           4      8.70%     13.04% |           6     13.04%     26.09% |           5     10.87%     36.96% |           1      2.17%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           1      2.17%     41.30% |           1      2.17%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           4      8.70%     52.17% |           0      0.00%     52.17% |           5     10.87%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           9     19.57%     82.61% |           2      4.35%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           1      2.17%     89.13% |           0      0.00%     89.13% |           1      2.17%     91.30% |           1      2.17%     93.48% |           2      4.35%     97.83% |           0      0.00%     97.83% |           1      2.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           46                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |          96      2.66%      2.66% |         102      2.82%      5.48% |         115      3.18%      8.66% |         111      3.07%     11.73% |         132      3.65%     15.38% |         125      3.46%     18.84% |         117      3.24%     22.08% |         110      3.04%     25.12% |         132      3.65%     28.78% |         100      2.77%     31.54% |         138      3.82%     35.36% |         124      3.43%     38.79% |         101      2.79%     41.59% |         137      3.79%     45.38% |         129      3.57%     48.95% |         123      3.40%     52.35% |         111      3.07%     55.42% |          99      2.74%     58.16% |          91      2.52%     60.68% |          96      2.66%     63.34% |         104      2.88%     66.21% |          83      2.30%     68.51% |          97      2.68%     71.20% |         128      3.54%     74.74% |          84      2.32%     77.06% |          98      2.71%     79.77% |          97      2.68%     82.46% |         111      3.07%     85.53% |         131      3.62%     89.15% |         130      3.60%     92.75% |         133      3.68%     96.43% |         129      3.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         3614                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.23%      3.23% |           2      6.45%      9.68% |           1      3.23%     12.90% |           1      3.23%     16.13% |           0      0.00%     16.13% |           0      0.00%     16.13% |           1      3.23%     19.35% |           2      6.45%     25.81% |           1      3.23%     29.03% |           3      9.68%     38.71% |           0      0.00%     38.71% |           0      0.00%     38.71% |           3      9.68%     48.39% |           1      3.23%     51.61% |           2      6.45%     58.06% |           0      0.00%     58.06% |           3      9.68%     67.74% |           1      3.23%     70.97% |           0      0.00%     70.97% |           1      3.23%     74.19% |           1      3.23%     77.42% |           1      3.23%     80.65% |           0      0.00%     80.65% |           0      0.00%     80.65% |           1      3.23%     83.87% |           0      0.00%     83.87% |           3      9.68%     93.55% |           0      0.00%     93.55% |           2      6.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total           31                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      150128      5.75%      5.75% |       80163      3.07%      8.83% |       78788      3.02%     11.85% |       79685      3.05%     14.90% |       78942      3.03%     17.93% |       78518      3.01%     20.93% |       78441      3.01%     23.94% |       78067      2.99%     26.93% |       78507      3.01%     29.94% |       79664      3.05%     33.00% |       80614      3.09%     36.08% |       80171      3.07%     39.16% |       79792      3.06%     42.22% |       78376      3.00%     45.22% |       77852      2.98%     48.20% |       78079      2.99%     51.20% |       79175      3.03%     54.23% |       78683      3.02%     57.25% |       79286      3.04%     60.28% |       79480      3.05%     63.33% |       79236      3.04%     66.37% |       81243      3.11%     69.48% |       79510      3.05%     72.53% |       79029      3.03%     75.56% |       79051      3.03%     78.59% |       79349      3.04%     81.63% |       78917      3.02%     84.65% |       78572      3.01%     87.66% |       79066      3.03%     90.69% |       78592      3.01%     93.71% |       81315      3.12%     96.82% |       82884      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2609175                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           3      2.91%      2.91% |           5      4.85%      7.77% |           1      0.97%      8.74% |           1      0.97%      9.71% |           1      0.97%     10.68% |           1      0.97%     11.65% |           4      3.88%     15.53% |           3      2.91%     18.45% |           3      2.91%     21.36% |           6      5.83%     27.18% |           7      6.80%     33.98% |           0      0.00%     33.98% |           4      3.88%     37.86% |           1      0.97%     38.83% |           3      2.91%     41.75% |           1      0.97%     42.72% |           3      2.91%     45.63% |           2      1.94%     47.57% |           1      0.97%     48.54% |           6      5.83%     54.37% |           7      6.80%     61.17% |           1      0.97%     62.14% |           2      1.94%     64.08% |           2      1.94%     66.02% |          10      9.71%     75.73% |           4      3.88%     79.61% |           1      0.97%     80.58% |           7      6.80%     87.38% |           4      3.88%     91.26% |           5      4.85%     96.12% |           1      0.97%     97.09% |           3      2.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total          103                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3      1.91%      1.91% |           7      4.46%      6.37% |           1      0.64%      7.01% |           1      0.64%      7.64% |           4      2.55%     10.19% |           5      3.18%     13.38% |           5      3.18%     16.56% |           4      2.55%     19.11% |           9      5.73%     24.84% |           6      3.82%     28.66% |           5      3.18%     31.85% |           4      2.55%     34.39% |           8      5.10%     39.49% |           8      5.10%     44.59% |           3      1.91%     46.50% |           9      5.73%     52.23% |           5      3.18%     55.41% |           5      3.18%     58.60% |           5      3.18%     61.78% |           5      3.18%     64.97% |           4      2.55%     67.52% |           8      5.10%     72.61% |           7      4.46%     77.07% |           5      3.18%     80.25% |           5      3.18%     83.44% |           3      1.91%     85.35% |           5      3.18%     88.54% |           6      3.82%     92.36% |           3      1.91%     94.27% |           3      1.91%     96.18% |           6      3.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total          157                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        1433      2.75%      2.75% |        1499      2.88%      5.63% |        1524      2.93%      8.55% |        1491      2.86%     11.42% |        1549      2.97%     14.39% |        1596      3.06%     17.46% |        1659      3.19%     20.64% |        1671      3.21%     23.85% |        1664      3.19%     27.04% |        1764      3.39%     30.43% |        1836      3.52%     33.95% |        1751      3.36%     37.32% |        1813      3.48%     40.80% |        1811      3.48%     44.27% |        1777      3.41%     47.69% |        1756      3.37%     51.06% |        1783      3.42%     54.48% |        1752      3.36%     57.84% |        1741      3.34%     61.19% |        1696      3.26%     64.44% |        1681      3.23%     67.67% |        1605      3.08%     70.75% |        1590      3.05%     73.80% |        1531      2.94%     76.74% |        1511      2.90%     79.64% |        1487      2.85%     82.50% |        1479      2.84%     85.34% |        1455      2.79%     88.13% |        1534      2.95%     91.08% |        1515      2.91%     93.99% |        1571      3.02%     97.00% |        1562      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        52087                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          21      0.95%      0.95% |          22      0.99%      1.94% |          41      1.85%      3.79% |          62      2.80%      6.59% |          50      2.26%      8.84% |          50      2.26%     11.10% |          33      1.49%     12.59% |          32      1.44%     14.03% |          91      4.11%     18.14% |          74      3.34%     21.48% |          83      3.75%     25.23% |         111      5.01%     30.23% |          65      2.93%     33.17% |          72      3.25%     36.42% |          77      3.47%     39.89% |          70      3.16%     43.05% |          61      2.75%     45.80% |          69      3.11%     48.92% |          86      3.88%     52.80% |          79      3.56%     56.36% |          96      4.33%     60.69% |          73      3.29%     63.99% |          88      3.97%     67.96% |          87      3.93%     71.89% |          89      4.02%     75.90% |          92      4.15%     80.05% |          84      3.79%     83.84% |          92      4.15%     88.00% |          69      3.11%     91.11% |          77      3.47%     94.58% |          66      2.98%     97.56% |          54      2.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         2216                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          21      0.95%      0.95% |          22      0.99%      1.94% |          41      1.85%      3.79% |          62      2.80%      6.59% |          50      2.26%      8.84% |          50      2.26%     11.10% |          33      1.49%     12.59% |          32      1.44%     14.03% |          91      4.11%     18.14% |          74      3.34%     21.48% |          83      3.75%     25.23% |         111      5.01%     30.23% |          65      2.93%     33.17% |          72      3.25%     36.42% |          77      3.47%     39.89% |          70      3.16%     43.05% |          61      2.75%     45.80% |          69      3.11%     48.92% |          86      3.88%     52.80% |          79      3.56%     56.36% |          96      4.33%     60.69% |          73      3.29%     63.99% |          88      3.97%     67.96% |          87      3.93%     71.89% |          89      4.02%     75.90% |          92      4.15%     80.05% |          84      3.79%     83.84% |          92      4.15%     88.00% |          69      3.11%     91.11% |          77      3.47%     94.58% |          66      2.98%     97.56% |          54      2.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         2216                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           2     11.11%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           2     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     14.29%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           3     21.43%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           2     14.29%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1433      2.75%      2.75% |        1499      2.88%      5.63% |        1524      2.93%      8.55% |        1491      2.86%     11.42% |        1549      2.97%     14.39% |        1596      3.06%     17.45% |        1659      3.18%     20.64% |        1671      3.21%     23.85% |        1664      3.19%     27.04% |        1764      3.39%     30.43% |        1836      3.52%     33.95% |        1751      3.36%     37.31% |        1813      3.48%     40.80% |        1811      3.48%     44.27% |        1777      3.41%     47.68% |        1756      3.37%     51.05% |        1783      3.42%     54.48% |        1752      3.36%     57.84% |        1741      3.34%     61.18% |        1696      3.26%     64.44% |        1681      3.23%     67.67% |        1605      3.08%     70.75% |        1590      3.05%     73.80% |        1531      2.94%     76.74% |        1511      2.90%     79.64% |        1489      2.86%     82.50% |        1479      2.84%     85.34% |        1455      2.79%     88.13% |        1534      2.94%     91.08% |        1515      2.91%     93.99% |        1571      3.02%     97.00% |        1562      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        52089                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      448985     21.64%     21.64% |     1037167     50.00%     71.64% |       19868      0.96%     72.60% |       20873      1.01%     73.61% |       19636      0.95%     74.56% |       19823      0.96%     75.51% |       20065      0.97%     76.48% |       20382      0.98%     77.46% |       19403      0.94%     78.40% |       19839      0.96%     79.35% |       19186      0.92%     80.28% |       20073      0.97%     81.25% |       20413      0.98%     82.23% |       19932      0.96%     83.19% |       19734      0.95%     84.14% |       20161      0.97%     85.11% |       19444      0.94%     86.05% |       19761      0.95%     87.00% |       18930      0.91%     87.92% |       20057      0.97%     88.88% |       19638      0.95%     89.83% |       19075      0.92%     90.75% |       19135      0.92%     91.67% |       19320      0.93%     92.60% |       19313      0.93%     93.53% |       19987      0.96%     94.50% |       19019      0.92%     95.41% |       19637      0.95%     96.36% |       18985      0.92%     97.28% |       19527      0.94%     98.22% |       17552      0.85%     99.06% |       19414      0.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      2074334                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      448985     21.64%     21.64% |     1037167     50.00%     71.64% |       19868      0.96%     72.60% |       20873      1.01%     73.61% |       19636      0.95%     74.56% |       19823      0.96%     75.51% |       20065      0.97%     76.48% |       20382      0.98%     77.46% |       19403      0.94%     78.40% |       19839      0.96%     79.35% |       19186      0.92%     80.28% |       20073      0.97%     81.25% |       20413      0.98%     82.23% |       19932      0.96%     83.19% |       19734      0.95%     84.14% |       20161      0.97%     85.11% |       19444      0.94%     86.05% |       19761      0.95%     87.00% |       18930      0.91%     87.92% |       20057      0.97%     88.88% |       19638      0.95%     89.83% |       19075      0.92%     90.75% |       19135      0.92%     91.67% |       19320      0.93%     92.60% |       19313      0.93%     93.53% |       19987      0.96%     94.50% |       19019      0.92%     95.41% |       19637      0.95%     96.36% |       18985      0.92%     97.28% |       19527      0.94%     98.22% |       17552      0.85%     99.06% |       19414      0.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      2074334                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      448985     21.64%     21.64% |     1037167     50.00%     71.64% |       19868      0.96%     72.60% |       20873      1.01%     73.61% |       19636      0.95%     74.56% |       19823      0.96%     75.51% |       20065      0.97%     76.48% |       20382      0.98%     77.46% |       19403      0.94%     78.40% |       19839      0.96%     79.35% |       19186      0.92%     80.28% |       20073      0.97%     81.25% |       20413      0.98%     82.23% |       19932      0.96%     83.19% |       19734      0.95%     84.14% |       20161      0.97%     85.11% |       19444      0.94%     86.05% |       19761      0.95%     87.00% |       18930      0.91%     87.92% |       20057      0.97%     88.88% |       19638      0.95%     89.83% |       19075      0.92%     90.75% |       19135      0.92%     91.67% |       19320      0.93%     92.60% |       19313      0.93%     93.53% |       19987      0.96%     94.50% |       19019      0.92%     95.41% |       19637      0.95%     96.36% |       18985      0.92%     97.28% |       19527      0.94%     98.22% |       17552      0.85%     99.06% |       19414      0.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      2074334                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      448985     21.64%     21.64% |     1037167     50.00%     71.64% |       19868      0.96%     72.60% |       20873      1.01%     73.61% |       19636      0.95%     74.56% |       19823      0.96%     75.51% |       20065      0.97%     76.48% |       20382      0.98%     77.46% |       19403      0.94%     78.40% |       19839      0.96%     79.35% |       19186      0.92%     80.28% |       20073      0.97%     81.25% |       20413      0.98%     82.23% |       19932      0.96%     83.19% |       19734      0.95%     84.14% |       20161      0.97%     85.11% |       19444      0.94%     86.05% |       19761      0.95%     87.00% |       18930      0.91%     87.92% |       20057      0.97%     88.88% |       19638      0.95%     89.83% |       19075      0.92%     90.75% |       19135      0.92%     91.67% |       19320      0.93%     92.60% |       19313      0.93%     93.53% |       19987      0.96%     94.50% |       19019      0.92%     95.41% |       19637      0.95%     96.36% |       18985      0.92%     97.28% |       19527      0.94%     98.22% |       17552      0.85%     99.06% |       19414      0.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      2074334                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
