
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.055137                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 55136871500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5231304950000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  39984                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    72683                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               64934729                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4807136                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   849.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    33950719                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      61716178                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     14071424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          14071424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4009920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        4009920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       219866                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             219866                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        62655                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             62655                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    255208967                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            255208967                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     72726651                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            72726651                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    327935617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           327935617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     219866                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     62655                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   219866                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   62655                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              14069440                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                4009856                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               14071424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             4009920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    31                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            13503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            14020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            13710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            14103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            13738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            14313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            13747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            13694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            13592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            13964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           13641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           13873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           13429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           13301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           13598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           13609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             4136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             3943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             3823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                     2235                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      846                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  55136380000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               219866                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               62655                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 112428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  48276                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  29321                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  14893                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   6590                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   2660                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    376                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                    121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    91                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    93                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                    77                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                    80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                    96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                    58                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                    43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                    49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                    41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                    49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  2431                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  11869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  12092                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   1421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       111510                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   162.127020                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.445835                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   193.324433                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        68604     61.52%     61.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        18747     16.81%     78.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14837     13.31%     91.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2472      2.22%     93.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1658      1.49%     95.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1212      1.09%     96.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          929      0.83%     97.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          959      0.86%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2092      1.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       111510                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11958                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.345125                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    89.978929                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11679     97.67%     97.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          153      1.28%     98.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           44      0.37%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           17      0.14%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           17      0.14%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           11      0.09%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            7      0.06%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            9      0.08%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            6      0.05%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            4      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            3      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        11958                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11958                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.239505                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.152866                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.365413                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11678     97.66%     97.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            96      0.80%     98.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           48      0.40%     98.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          136      1.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        11958                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  5371216384                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             9493122634                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1099175000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    24432.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               43182.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      255.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       72.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   255.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    72.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.18                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  133944                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  37030                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                60.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               59.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    195158.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   60.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10782459500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1841060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    42511220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              421545600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              421447320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              230010000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              229956375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             864411600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             850215600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            205772400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            200225520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3601113360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3601113360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        22516628490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        21986631090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        13329407250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        13794317250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          41168888700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          41083906515                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          746.696166                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          745.154811                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     13847168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          13847168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3839808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3839808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       216362                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             216362                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        59997                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             59997                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    251141707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            251141707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     69641383                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            69641383                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    320783090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           320783090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     216362                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     59997                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   216362                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   59997                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              13845504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3839808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               13847168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3839808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    26                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            13290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            13802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            13472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            13893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            13530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            14127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            13536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            13506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            13384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            13704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           13414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           13654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           13210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           13101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           13294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           13419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             3921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             3777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             3900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                     1741                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      767                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  55136121000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               216362                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               59997                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 110387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  48810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  29062                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  14170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   6183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   2463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                    932                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                    379                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                    192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                    127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                   113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                   104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                    91                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                   121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                   151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                   159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                    78                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                    61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                    53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                    42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                    41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                    61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                  1934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  11602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  11677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  11656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   1237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       106594                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   165.907424                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.891539                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   198.777862                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        64943     60.93%     60.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17916     16.81%     77.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14362     13.47%     91.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2374      2.23%     93.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1654      1.55%     94.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1222      1.15%     96.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          976      0.92%     97.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          992      0.93%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2155      2.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       106594                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11429                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.927378                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    91.778496                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11158     97.63%     97.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          140      1.22%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           47      0.41%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           16      0.14%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           14      0.12%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            8      0.07%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           12      0.10%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023           12      0.10%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            5      0.04%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            6      0.05%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            3      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11429                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11429                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.249541                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.160950                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.373416                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11142     97.49%     97.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           109      0.95%     98.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           49      0.43%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          129      1.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11429                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  5098677438                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             9154977438                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1081680000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    23568.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               42318.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      251.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       69.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   251.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    69.64                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.16                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  132440                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  37294                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                61.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               62.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    199509.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   61.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11208145500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1841060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    42085504500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              404051760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              401791320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              220464750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              219231375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             851377800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             835965000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            197490960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            191289600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3601113360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3601113360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        22207888845                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        21420209835                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        13600213500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        14291160000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          41082600975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          40960760490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          745.131537                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          742.921668                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     13845760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          13845760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3840448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3840448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       216340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             216340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60007                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60007                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    251116170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            251116170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     69652991                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            69652991                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    320769161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           320769161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     216340                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60007                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   216340                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60007                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              13844992                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3840320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               13845760                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3840448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            13292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            13817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            13489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            13918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            13542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            14105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            13487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            13489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            13377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            13706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           13423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           13699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           13205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           13065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           13297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           13417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             3910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             3781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             3908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     2235                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      842                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  55136153500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               216340                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60007                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 110770                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  48374                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  28863                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  14512                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   6166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   2410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                    910                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                    336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                    175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                    121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                   116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                   122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                   186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                   156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                   143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                    89                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                    56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                    48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  2418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  11594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  11622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  11605                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   1446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       106486                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   166.075691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.857878                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   199.235889                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        65065     61.10%     61.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17480     16.42%     77.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14517     13.63%     91.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2420      2.27%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1673      1.57%     94.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1181      1.11%     96.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          965      0.91%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          997      0.94%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2188      2.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       106486                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11436                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.753235                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    89.968287                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11173     97.70%     97.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          138      1.21%     98.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           39      0.34%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           18      0.16%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           16      0.14%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           10      0.09%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            7      0.06%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023           11      0.10%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            7      0.06%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            6      0.05%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            3      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11436                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11436                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.247027                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.156614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.394948                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11153     97.53%     97.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            93      0.81%     98.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           57      0.50%     98.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          133      1.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11436                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  5203215435                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             9259365435                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1081640000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    24052.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               42802.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      251.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       69.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   251.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    69.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.16                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  132559                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  37281                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                61.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               62.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    199517.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   61.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11113681500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1841060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    42179968500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              404407080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              400619520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              220658625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              218592000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             851245200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             836035200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            197478000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            191354400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3601113360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3601113360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        22183653870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        21568045320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        13621472250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        14161479750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          41080028385                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          40977239550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          745.084877                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          743.220555                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     13844032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          13844032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3837440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3837440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       216313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             216313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        59960                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             59960                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    251084830                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            251084830                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     69598436                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            69598436                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    320683265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           320683265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     216314                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     59960                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   216314                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   59960                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              13843392                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3837376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               13844096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3837440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            13267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            13799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            13437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            13898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            13489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            14265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            13509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            13484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            13382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            13702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           13450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           13654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           13200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           13056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           13311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           13400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             3905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             3769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             3909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                     1718                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      792                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  55136126000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               216314                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               59960                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 109817                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  47762                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  29420                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  14958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   6446                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   2608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                    952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                    428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                    202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                    118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                   112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                   113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                   133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                   167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                   161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                   141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                   109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                    91                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                    75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                    85                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                    70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                    47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                    43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                    35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                    35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                    43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                    75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                  1934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  11598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  11659                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  11651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   1247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       106421                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   166.135030                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.974503                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   199.062861                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        64881     60.97%     60.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17633     16.57%     77.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14497     13.62%     91.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2412      2.27%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1665      1.56%     94.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1183      1.11%     96.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          969      0.91%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1024      0.96%     97.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2157      2.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       106421                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11434                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.866976                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    90.631210                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11160     97.60%     97.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          148      1.29%     98.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           41      0.36%     99.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           17      0.15%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           15      0.13%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            8      0.07%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            9      0.08%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023           11      0.10%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            9      0.08%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            3      0.03%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            3      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            5      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11434                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11434                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.243922                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.156729                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.366935                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11167     97.66%     97.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            89      0.78%     98.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           42      0.37%     98.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          136      1.19%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11434                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  5183555814                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             9239237064                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1081515000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    23964.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               42714.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      251.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       69.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   251.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    69.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.16                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  132544                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  37294                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                61.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               62.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    199570.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   61.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11002125250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1841060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    42291628750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              403378920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              401163840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              220097625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              218889000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             851331000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             835770000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            197166960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            191367360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3601113360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3601113360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        22104565515                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        21378320820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        13690865250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        14327922000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          41068518630                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          40954546380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          744.875732                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          742.808573                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1363                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1363                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               216                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              216                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3970                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4834                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               159500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              449024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              111024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1824500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          381                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1560576                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          381                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7466993                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 25.972665                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                23.490835                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                11.420516                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7466905    100.00%    100.00% |          85      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7466993                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     17875585                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.682923                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.475003                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.110811                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    16993612     95.07%     95.07% |      859324      4.81%     99.87% |       10771      0.06%     99.93% |        2739      0.02%     99.95% |        1614      0.01%     99.96% |        1818      0.01%     99.97% |         748      0.00%     99.97% |        1455      0.01%     99.98% |        3504      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      17875585                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            17875583                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              17.029940                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.945070                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             80.997415                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    17867140     99.95%     99.95% |        2968      0.02%     99.97% |        2896      0.02%     99.99% |        1889      0.01%    100.00% |         623      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              17875583                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        16650403                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000286                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000247                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.016948                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    16645651     99.97%     99.97% |        4747      0.03%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          16650403                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1225180                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        207.695306                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       162.890165                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       238.100343                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1216737     99.31%     99.31% |        2968      0.24%     99.55% |        2896      0.24%     99.79% |        1889      0.15%     99.94% |         623      0.05%     99.99% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1225180                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    31343104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     994048                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         794102                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       794102                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           25                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           20                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           30                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           28                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     11904490                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       441219                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     12345709                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3949329                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124084                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4073413                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       111426                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22606                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        52908                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1684884                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        45272                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           76                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           76                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        51780                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        56547                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108327                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         3042                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49612                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40216                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles           58                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49753                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40203                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89956                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles           79                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49992                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40220                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        90212                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles           60                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49749                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40207                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89956                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles           80                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49483                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40217                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89700                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles           54                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49560                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40268                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles           71                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49618                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40210                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles           85                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49363                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40209                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89572                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles           69                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49995                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40217                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        90212                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles           77                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49623                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40205                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles           81                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49359                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40213                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89572                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles           82                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49738                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40218                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89956                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles           67                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49740                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40216                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89956                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles           68                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49488                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40212                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89700                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles           85                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49731                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40225                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89956                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles           82                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        52198                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        31468                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        83666                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10197                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        27269                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        37466                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        10985                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        27304                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        38289                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits         9774                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        27271                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        37045                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         8975                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        27273                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        36248                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         8906                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        27253                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        36159                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         8546                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        27240                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        35786                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         8289                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        27242                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        35531                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11253                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        27257                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        38510                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         9285                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        27271                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        36556                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         9595                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        27241                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        36836                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         8865                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        27229                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        36094                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         9095                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        27333                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        36428                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         8972                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        27212                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        36184                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits         9056                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        27222                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        36278                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         9422                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        27205                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        36627                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8290                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        27221                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        35511                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10099                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        27260                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        37359                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         8893                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        27264                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        36157                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         8956                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        27240                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        36196                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         9439                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        27212                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        36651                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits         9981                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        27216                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        37197                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits         9994                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        27212                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37206                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9363                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        27292                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        36655                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12224                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        27192                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39416                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        12840                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        27244                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        40084                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9528                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        27251                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        36779                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9099                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        27218                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        36317                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8581                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        27216                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        35797                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7798                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        27231                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        35029                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        10306                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        27240                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        37546                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10308                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        27270                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        37578                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          424                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      8884510                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      8884510                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8972413                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8884510                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4265716                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4263538                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      8884510                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.080568                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      5430699                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      5430699                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5509517                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5430699                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3569182                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3554075                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      5430699                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.049247                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      3682781                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      3682781                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3720844                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3682781                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1648864                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1647597                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      3682781                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.033397                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3234549                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3234549                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3268874                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3234549                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1559224                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1558021                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3234549                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.029332                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      3597093                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      3597093                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3622623                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3597093                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2087723                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2085933                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      3597093                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.032620                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3576739                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3576739                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3605748                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3576739                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2100646                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2098579                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3576739                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.032435                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4639206                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4639206                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4685681                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4639206                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1998557                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1997150                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4639206                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.042070                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3733425                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3733425                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3779863                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3733425                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1919953                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1916437                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3733425                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.033856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2106530                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2106530                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2120931                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2106530                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1024086                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1023658                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2106530                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.019103                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2576241                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2576241                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2595315                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2576241                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1393771                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1393073                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2576241                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.023362                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2502572                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2502572                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2523308                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2502572                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1221193                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1220504                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2502572                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.022694                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      2186736                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      2186736                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2201314                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2186736                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1025799                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1025376                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      2186736                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.019830                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      2725329                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      2725329                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2745283                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2725329                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1410550                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1409921                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      2725329                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.024714                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      2411463                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      2411463                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2431565                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2411463                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1147647                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1147127                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      2411462                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.021868                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1544852                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1544852                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1556612                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1544852                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       805794                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       805440                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1544852                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.014009                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      2122767                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      2122767                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2144080                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2122767                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1167310                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1165735                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      2122767                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.019250                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2715744                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2715744                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2739079                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2715744                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1382867                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1381072                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2715744                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.024627                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      2326976                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      2326976                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2345949                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2326976                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1273191                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1272268                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      2326976                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.021102                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1708682                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1708682                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1719084                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1708682                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       881654                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       881214                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1708682                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.015495                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1135538                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1135538                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1140680                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1135538                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       548024                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       547826                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1135538                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.010297                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       864334                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       864334                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       865258                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       864334                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       428942                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       428934                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       864334                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.007838                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       960227                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       960227                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       961554                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       960227                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       518487                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       518419                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       960227                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.008708                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       962345                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       962345                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       964048                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       962345                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       488396                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       488265                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       962345                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.008727                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       636362                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       636362                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       636802                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       636362                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       318100                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       318074                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       636362                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005771                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       824110                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       824110                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       825043                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       824110                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       384543                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       384534                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       824110                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007473                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       947269                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       947269                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       948609                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       947269                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       507619                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       507513                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       947269                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.008590                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       949593                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       949593                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       951296                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       949593                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       477302                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       477193                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       949593                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.008611                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       643953                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       643953                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       644367                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       643953                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       320554                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       320521                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       643953                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005840                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3674196                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3674196                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3751423                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3674196                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1706604                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1704452                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3674196                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.033319                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3713163                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3713163                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3783160                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3713163                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1757248                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1755559                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3713163                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.033672                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3980403                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3980403                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4059928                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3980403                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1873943                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1871423                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3980403                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.036096                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      3901166                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      3901166                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3979325                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3901166                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1869240                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1867098                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      3901166                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.035377                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     6289336     29.14%     29.14% |    14166339     65.63%     94.77% |     1129848      5.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21585523                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     6289337     29.14%     29.14% |    14166340     65.63%     94.77% |     1129848      5.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21585525                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   160094301                       |   339951314                       |    26358597                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    15394435                       |    45375512                       |     1136168                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   25.454881                       |   23.997118                       |   23.329330                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    2.447704                       |    3.203051                       |    1.005594                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    24.386910                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     2.867946                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         27.254856                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.003135                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.069508      7.20%      7.20% |    0.069662      7.21%     14.41% |    0.069436      7.19%     21.60% |    0.069607      7.21%     28.81% |    0.158350     16.40%     45.21% |    0.158434     16.41%     61.62% |    0.158434     16.41%     78.02% |    0.158451     16.41%     94.43% |    0.013438      1.39%     95.82% |    0.013444      1.39%     97.22% |    0.013439      1.39%     98.61% |    0.013440      1.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.965643                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.024059                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.024529                       |    0.000002                       |    0.001886                       |    0.001161                       |    0.001163                       |    0.001164                       |    0.001161                       |    0.001164                       |    0.001162                       |    0.001162                       |    0.001163                       |    0.001163                       |    0.001161                       |    0.001163                       |    0.001164                       |    0.001162                       |    0.001163                       |    0.001166                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005353                       |    0.002722                       |    0.002670                       |    0.002682                       |    0.002688                       |    0.002657                       |    0.002633                       |    0.002596                       |    0.002731                       |    0.002718                       |    0.002769                       |    0.002702                       |    0.002661                       |    0.002648                       |    0.002631                       |    0.002619                       |    0.002778                       |    0.002670                       |    0.002690                       |    0.002652                       |    0.002660                       |    0.002660                       |    0.002679                       |    0.002620                       |    0.002720                       |    0.002654                       |    0.002659                       |    0.002670                       |    0.002707                       |    0.002696                       |    0.002817                       |    0.002859                       |    0.011948                       |    0.011755                       |    0.011754                       |    0.011752                       |    0.000222                       |           0                       |    0.000685                       |    0.007891                       |    0.000513                       |    0.000459                       |    0.000453                       |    0.000460                       |    0.000451                       |    0.000459                       |    0.000439                       |    0.000439                       |    0.000438                       |    0.000442                       |    0.000449                       |    0.000439                       |    0.000435                       |    0.000436                       |    0.000439                       |    0.000452                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002778                       |    0.000225                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002881                       |    0.001954                       |    0.002187                       |    0.002809                       |    0.000439                       |    0.003693                       |    0.006374                       |    0.003601                       |           0                       |    0.002807                       |    0.006028                       |           0                       |    0.008636                       |    0.012013                       |    0.003835                       |    0.003072                       |    0.002769                       |    0.000513                       |    0.008040                       |    0.007412                       |    0.011590                       |    0.002184                       |    0.002756                       |    0.000459                       |    0.010876                       |    0.006685                       |    0.006371                       |           0                       |    0.002746                       |    0.005867                       |           0                       |    0.012930                       |    0.008118                       |    0.004011                       |    0.002185                       |    0.002770                       |    0.000442                       |    0.006328                       |    0.003590                       |    0.004515                       |           0                       |    0.002798                       |           0                       |    0.002720                       |    0.001956                       |           0                       |    0.002753                       |           0                       |    0.001264                       |    0.002660                       |    0.002030                       |    0.002185                       |    0.002758                       |    0.000439                       |    0.003253                       |    0.003420                       |    0.006156                       |    0.005150                       |    0.002184                       |    0.002781                       |    0.000453                       |    0.004249                       |    0.010033                       |    0.008495                       |    0.004425                       |    0.029747                       |    0.004626                       |    0.000685                       |    0.005439                       |    0.015950                       |    0.017500                       |    0.006622                       |    0.000004                       |    0.002779                       |    0.007891                       |    0.004687                       |    0.012544                       |    0.014804                       |    0.006538                       |    0.002185                       |    0.002736                       |    0.000460                       |    0.006208                       |    0.008095                       |    0.009078                       |    0.003674                       |    0.002184                       |    0.002768                       |    0.000449                       |    0.004686                       |    0.006237                       |    0.003404                       |    0.004987                       |           0                       |    0.002743                       |           0                       |    0.001164                       |    0.002654                       |    0.002030                       |           0                       |    0.002786                       |           0                       |    0.000674                       |    0.002679                       |    0.002587                       |    0.002184                       |    0.002833                       |    0.000438                       |    0.002748                       |    0.003595                       |    0.006226                       |    0.004669                       |           0                       |    0.002876                       |    0.005867                       |           0                       |    0.002374                       |    0.008428                       |    0.011901                       |    0.004650                       |    0.002184                       |    0.002733                       |    0.000451                       |    0.017372                       |    0.007727                       |    0.006835                       |    0.004768                       |    0.002185                       |    0.002713                       |    0.000459                       |    0.006667                       |    0.010868                       |    0.006273                       |    0.004690                       |           0                       |    0.002868                       |    0.005865                       |           0                       |    0.003101                       |    0.012987                       |    0.007912                       |    0.002643                       |    0.002185                       |    0.002723                       |    0.000439                       |    0.004197                       |    0.006221                       |    0.003493                       |    0.002610                       |           0                       |    0.002775                       |           0                       |    0.000577                       |    0.002659                       |    0.002599                       |           0                       |    0.002728                       |           0                       |    0.000422                       |    0.002620                       |    0.002185                       |    0.002735                       |    0.000435                       |    0.002065                       |    0.000563                       |    0.006026                       |    0.002185                       |    0.002715                       |    0.000436                       |    0.003147                       |    0.002491                       |    0.008276                       |    0.002185                       |    0.002837                       |    0.000439                       |    0.008434                       |    0.004357                       |    0.006376                       |    0.002186                       |    0.002739                       |    0.000452                       |    0.003277                       |    0.007203                       |    0.005245                       |           0                       |    0.002785                       |           0                       |    0.004597                       |    0.005748                       |    0.002365                       |           0                       |    0.002751                       |           0                       |    0.002060                       |    0.004916                       |    0.000570                       |           0                       |    0.002740                       |           0                       |    0.000429                       |    0.002670                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.965643                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         7444343                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      7444343                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       341272                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5744316                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5114702                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     89.039356                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          542337                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29465                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             10747148                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              52606                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             8330382                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             44951                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         10799754                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         8375333                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  19077530                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   97557                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              19175087                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              4080536                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9782                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          4090318                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   4080536                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9782                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               4090318                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                103445370                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     15246072                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               42337692                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             7444343                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      5657039                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              83235174                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          756604                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             143972                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       159704                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       229498                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3322                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       318472                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           4079861                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        137890                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3938                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     99714516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.793658                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.150157                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         84840879     85.08%     85.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1591965      1.60%     86.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1047398      1.05%     87.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          2475488      2.48%     90.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1321663      1.33%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           681846      0.68%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           948566      0.95%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           814957      0.82%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          5991754      6.01%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     99714516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.071964                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.409276                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         10030968                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      79009512                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           5787834                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       4507893                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         378302                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       73387582                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         378302                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         11878025                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        45238807                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      6474025                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           8241812                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      27503538                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       71974467                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65287                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        5027542                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         357445                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       20634632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     83282232                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     163597337                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    102068234                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          136                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      70798608                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12483596                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       176750                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       179049                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          28754773                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      6193036                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      8554088                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1639436                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1348312                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           70102113                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       458096                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          72842699                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       172355                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7814855                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12079757                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        62762                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     99714516                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.730512                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.492421                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     72705651     72.91%     72.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      9165262      9.19%     82.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5825379      5.84%     87.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3808067      3.82%     91.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3197627      3.21%     94.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2993430      3.00%     97.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1484390      1.49%     99.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       339200      0.34%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       195510      0.20%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     99714516                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          181141     20.19%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         631643     70.39%     90.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         84547      9.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       272937      0.37%      0.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      53181357     73.01%     73.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        28100      0.04%     73.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52350      0.07%     73.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10886034     14.94%     88.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8421921     11.56%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       72842699                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.704166                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              897331                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012319                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    246469505                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     78382144                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     66903203                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           95                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          252                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           36                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       73467045                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              48                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1582866                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1154655                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2675                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7484                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       519004                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5391802                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         378302                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         6065362                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      33973660                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     70560209                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        97343                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       6193036                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8554088                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       448880                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         382332                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      33448351                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7484                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       179377                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       213945                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       393322                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      72265337                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      10736356                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       480312                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             19081539                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          5879509                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            8345183                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.698585                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               66983639                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              66903239                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          40672480                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          64623518                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.646749                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.629376                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8831684                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       395334                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       354386                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     98323138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.627687                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.589384                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     78193165     79.53%     79.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      6587140      6.70%     86.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4173640      4.24%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2259160      2.30%     92.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2443909      2.49%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1885246      1.92%     97.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       480852      0.49%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       482911      0.49%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1817115      1.85%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     98323138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     33950718                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       61716175                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               13073453                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5038377                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5816                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            5497951                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          61341975                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       463631                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       158994      0.26%      0.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     48405987     78.43%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        26899      0.04%     78.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50842      0.08%     78.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5038377      8.16%     86.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      8035076     13.02%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     61716175                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1817115                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            166979859                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           142493465                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85115                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3730854                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6827941                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            33950718                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              61716175                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       3.046927                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 3.046927                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.328199                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.328199                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        103836410                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        52349527                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                36                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          28552526                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         24224306                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        31220053                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         168769                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               6038543500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            6038543500.000003                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3399558                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        26.604278                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       23.696461                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       13.027543                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3399474    100.00%    100.00% |          81      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3399558                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       4035810                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.459344                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.331617                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.855476                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     4035430     99.99%     99.99% |         344      0.01%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         4035810                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         31625                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        23.584063                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       21.925320                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        8.609727                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         922      2.92%      2.92% |        3753     11.87%     14.78% |       13337     42.17%     56.95% |        6600     20.87%     77.82% |        5735     18.13%     95.96% |        1031      3.26%     99.22% |         220      0.70%     99.91% |          26      0.08%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           31625                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          5542732                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           37.811739                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.497348                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         136.174753                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     5534296     99.85%     99.85% |        2961      0.05%     99.90% |        2896      0.05%     99.95% |        1889      0.03%     99.99% |         623      0.01%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            5542732                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      4738575                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000598                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000516                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.024552                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4735746     99.94%     99.94% |        2825      0.06%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        4738575                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       804157                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     242.939844                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    194.829550                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    280.348248                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      795721     98.95%     98.95% |        2961      0.37%     99.32% |        2896      0.36%     99.68% |        1889      0.23%     99.91% |         623      0.08%     99.99% |          61      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        804157                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          8101934                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            8.777157                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.439800                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          34.535262                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     8079354     99.72%     99.72% |       19590      0.24%     99.96% |        2791      0.03%    100.00% |         192      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            8101934                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      7814267                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000230                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000199                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.015184                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     7812468     99.98%     99.98% |        1798      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        7814267                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       287667                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     165.703205                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    141.134802                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     89.770702                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      265087     92.15%     92.15% |       19590      6.81%     98.96% |        2791      0.97%     99.93% |         192      0.07%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        287667                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      4073411                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.489115                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.309087                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      17.082534                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     4059962     99.67%     99.67% |       11056      0.27%     99.94% |        2136      0.05%     99.99% |          48      0.00%     99.99% |          89      0.00%    100.00% |         104      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        4073411                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3949329                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000503                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3949328    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3949329                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124082                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    84.713617                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.020654                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    55.731943                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110633     89.16%     89.16% |       11056      8.91%     98.07% |        2136      1.72%     99.79% |          48      0.04%     99.83% |          89      0.07%     99.90% |         104      0.08%     99.99% |          16      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124082                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       156200                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.721408                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.645665                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    30.055659                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      154244     98.75%     98.75% |        1504      0.96%     99.71% |         393      0.25%     99.96% |          19      0.01%     99.97% |          19      0.01%     99.99% |          14      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       156200                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       146956                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000837                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000722                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.028919                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      146833     99.92%     99.92% |         123      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       146956                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9244                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    99.663890                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    80.523089                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    80.461147                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        7288     78.84%     78.84% |        1504     16.27%     95.11% |         393      4.25%     99.36% |          19      0.21%     99.57% |          19      0.21%     99.77% |          14      0.15%     99.92% |           7      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9244                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.364472                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.451551                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.669480                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          20      3.06%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    76.233333                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.468662                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    58.353668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20     66.67%     66.67% |           5     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           3     10.00%     93.33% |           1      3.33%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13405                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       671328                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        62097                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    17995                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    27291                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                     3701                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    54489                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     3721                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    27319                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                     3692                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    54387                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     3717                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   27293                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    3699                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   54447                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                    3719                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   27294                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    3697                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   54748                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                    3717                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   27319                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                    3695                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   54453                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    3718                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   27300                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                    3702                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                   54251                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    3724                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   27360                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_hits                    3693                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_hits                   54366                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_hits                    3720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_hits                   27340                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_hits                    3704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_hits                   54346                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_hits                    3724                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_hits                   27337                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_hits                    3706                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_hits                   54108                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_hits                    3720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_hits                   27321                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_hits                    3700                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_hits                   54753                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_hits                    3719                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_hits                   27334                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_hits                    3701                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_hits                   54340                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_hits                    3721                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_hits                   27344                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_hits                    3703                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_hits                   54081                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_hits                    3721                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_hits                   27334                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_hits                    3700                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_hits                   54506                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_hits                    3718                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_hits                   27327                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_hits                    3697                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_hits                   54498                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_hits                    3717                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_hits                   27340                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_hits                    3698                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_hits                   54220                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_hits                    3719                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_hits                   27333                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_hits                    3691                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_hits                   54501                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_hits                    3718                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    437                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    453                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                     75                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    423                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                     55                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    425                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                     84                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    397                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                     59                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                   451                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                    77                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   465                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                    57                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   450                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                    79                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   420                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                    59                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   425                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                    81                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                   459                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                    58                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                   444                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                    74                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                   405                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                    52                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                   384                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_misses                    83                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_misses                   418                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_misses                    56                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_misses                   404                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_misses                    72                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_misses                   438                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_misses                    52                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_misses                   407                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_misses                    70                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_misses                   420                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_misses                    56                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_misses                   423                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_misses                    76                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_misses                   415                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_misses                    57                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_misses                   410                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_misses                    75                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_misses                   444                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_misses                    55                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_misses                   400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_misses                    73                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_misses                   447                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_misses                    55                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_misses                   410                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_misses                    76                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_misses                   406                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_misses                    58                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_misses                   417                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_misses                    79                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_misses                   414                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_misses                    59                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_misses                   404                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_misses                    78                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_misses                   436                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_misses                    57                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_misses                   411                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_misses                    85                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_misses                   411                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_misses                    58                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     5830                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                       87                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                       86                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                       44                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                       78                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                       87                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                       14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                      72                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                      92                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                      57                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                      75                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                      95                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                      19                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                      64                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                      86                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                      72                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                      72                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                      88                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                      19                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                      54                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshrhits                      89                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshrhits                      58                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshrhits                      24                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshrhits                      73                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshrhits                      90                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshrhits                      63                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshrhits                      47                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshrhits                      89                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshrhits                      53                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshrhits                      77                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshrhits                      96                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.mshrhits                      52                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.mshrhits                      26                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.mshrhits                      76                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.mshrhits                      90                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.mshrhits                      67                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.mshrhits                      27                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.mshrhits                      58                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.mshrhits                      92                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.mshrhits                      78                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.mshrhits                      28                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.mshrhits                      64                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.mshrhits                      92                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.mshrhits                      49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.mshrhits                      28                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.mshrhits                      65                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.mshrhits                      94                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.mshrhits                      50                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.mshrhits                      78                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.mshrhits                      99                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.mshrhits                      66                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.mshrhits                      25                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.mshrhits                      71                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.mshrhits                      88                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.mshrhits                      70                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.mshrhits                      27                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                18432                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                 3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                54912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                 3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                54784                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               54912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               55168                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               54912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses               54656                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_accesses               54784                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_accesses               27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_accesses               54784                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_accesses               27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_accesses               54528                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_accesses               27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_accesses               55168                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_accesses               27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_accesses               54784                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_accesses               27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_accesses               54528                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_accesses               27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_accesses               54912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_accesses               27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_accesses               54912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_accesses               27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_accesses               54656                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_accesses               27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_accesses               54912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles               359954785                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles               359746905                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles               359822458                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles               359748595                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles               359693087                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles               359633760                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles               359741231                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles               359786343                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles               359741672                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles               359691147                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles              359636960                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles              359756215                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles              359826675                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles              359760869                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles              359700694                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles              359640160                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles              359751808                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles              359810338                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles              359749379                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles              359699486                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles              359643360                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles              359764508                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles              359831751                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles              374332009                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles              374272685                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles              374212320                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles              374321591                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles              374364383                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles              374321562                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles              374270317                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles              374215520                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles              374349684                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlbCycles              374447025                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlbCycles              374348542                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlbCycles              374290467                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlbCycles              374218720                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlbCycles              374344490                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlbCycles              374433313                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlbCycles              374344903                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlbCycles              374286904                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlbCycles              374221920                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlbCycles              374362203                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlbCycles              374448646                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlbCycles              374354692                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlbCycles              374296698                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlbCycles              374225120                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlbCycles              374351331                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlbCycles              374438101                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlbCycles              374399673                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlbCycles              374343699                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlbCycles              374277856                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlbCycles              374393696                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlbCycles              374470869                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlbCycles              374395439                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlbCycles              374339614                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlbCycles              374281056                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlbCycles              374406588                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlbCycles              374492960                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlbCycles              374413488                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlbCycles              374349460                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlbCycles              374284256                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlbCycles              374428220                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlbCycles              374528506                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlbCycles              374428899                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlbCycles              374365447                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlbCycles              374287456                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlbCycles              374426610                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlbCycles              374522568                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlbCycles              374425369                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlbCycles              374363658                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlbCycles              374290656                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlbCycles              374417444                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlbCycles              374503969                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlbCycles              374487231                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlbCycles              374426198                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlbCycles              374359776                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlbCycles              374478173                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlbCycles              374556766                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlbCycles              374473168                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlbCycles              374422875                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                    9216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   54336                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                    3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                       0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                    1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   54208                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                   1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  54336                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                  54592                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                   3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  54336                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                   3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                   1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                  54080                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_reads                   1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_reads                  54208                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_reads                   3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_reads                   1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_reads                  54208                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_reads                   3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_reads                   1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_reads                  53952                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_reads                   3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_reads                   1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_reads                  54592                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_reads                   3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_reads                   1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_reads                  54208                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_reads                   3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_reads                   1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_reads                  53952                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_reads                   3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_reads                   1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_reads                  54336                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_reads                   3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_reads                   1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_reads                  54336                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_reads                   3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_reads                   1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_reads                  54080                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_reads                   3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_reads                   1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_reads                  54336                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_reads                   3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   9216                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                    576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                    576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                    576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                      0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                    576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                    576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                    576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                  2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_writes                  2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_writes                  2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_writes                  2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_writes                  2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_writes                  2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_writes                  2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_writes                  2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_writes                  2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_writes                  2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_writes                  2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 9077                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                26725                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 1665                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                53914                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 3145                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                    0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                26743                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 1659                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                53819                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 3141                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               26720                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                1663                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               53880                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                3143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               26721                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                1661                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits               54185                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits                3141                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               26745                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                1661                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               53880                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                3142                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits               26730                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits                1668                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits               53678                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                3148                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               26784                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readhits                1659                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readhits               53798                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readhits                3144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readhits               26765                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readhits                1669                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readhits               53776                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readhits                3148                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readhits               26761                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readhits                1669                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readhits               53542                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readhits                3144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readhits               26745                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readhits                1666                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_readhits               54186                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_readhits                3143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_readhits               26763                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_readhits                1665                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_readhits               53771                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_readhits                3145                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_readhits               26768                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_readhits                1667                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_readhits               53509                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_readhits                3145                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_readhits               26758                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_readhits                1667                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_readhits               53935                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_readhits                3142                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_readhits               26754                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_readhits                1661                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_readhits               53931                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_readhits                3141                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_readhits               26764                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_readhits                1664                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_readhits               53646                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_readhits                3143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_readhits               26760                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_readhits                1659                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_readhits               53926                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_readhits                3142                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                139                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                443                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                 63                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                422                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 55                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                  0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                425                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                 69                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                389                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                 59                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses               448                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses                65                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               456                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses                57                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses               447                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses                67                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               407                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses                59                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               423                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses                67                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses               456                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses                58                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses               438                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses                60                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses               402                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses                52                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses               384                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readmisses                69                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readmisses               410                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readmisses                56                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readmisses               403                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readmisses                59                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readmisses               432                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readmisses                52                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readmisses               407                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readmisses                59                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readmisses               410                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readmisses                56                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readmisses               423                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readmisses                62                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_readmisses               406                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_readmisses                57                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_readmisses               405                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_readmisses                63                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_readmisses               437                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_readmisses                55                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_readmisses               400                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_readmisses                61                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_readmisses               443                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_readmisses                55                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_readmisses               410                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_readmisses                61                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_readmisses               401                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_readmisses                58                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_readmisses               414                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_readmisses                67                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_readmisses               405                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_readmisses                59                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_readmisses               404                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_readmisses                64                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_readmisses               434                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_readmisses                57                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_readmisses               408                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_readmisses                69                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_readmisses               410                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_readmisses                58                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                8918                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                 566                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                2036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                 575                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                 576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                 576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                2033                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                 568                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                 576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits                573                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               2036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits                567                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits                573                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               2036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits                563                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits                574                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               2034                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits                573                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits                570                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               2034                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits                573                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writehits               2034                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writehits                568                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writehits                575                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writehits               2035                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writehits                570                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writehits               2037                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writehits                566                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writehits               2034                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_writehits                567                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_writehits                571                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_writehits               2036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_writehits                569                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_writehits               2036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_writehits                572                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_writehits               2033                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_writehits                571                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_writehits                573                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_writehits               2036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_writehits                567                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_writehits               2034                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_writehits                574                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_writehits                573                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_writehits               2032                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_writehits                575                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               298                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                10                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                12                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses                 1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                15                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 8                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses               12                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses                9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses               12                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses               13                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses                2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses               14                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses                6                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses               14                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writemisses               14                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writemisses                8                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writemisses                1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writemisses               13                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writemisses                6                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writemisses               11                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writemisses               10                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writemisses               14                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_writemisses                9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_writemisses                5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_writemisses               12                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_writemisses                7                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_writemisses               12                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_writemisses                4                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_writemisses               15                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_writemisses                5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_writemisses               12                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_writemisses                9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_writemisses               14                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_writemisses                2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_writemisses               16                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_writemisses                1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_48.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_49.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_50.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_51.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_52.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_53.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_54.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_55.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_56.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_57.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_58.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_59.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_60.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_61.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_62.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_63.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_64.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_65.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_66.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_67.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_68.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_69.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_70.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_71.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_72.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_73.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_74.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_75.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_76.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_77.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_78.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_79.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 788374                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                4683834                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 605789                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                4803928                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 358346                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                      0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                4670435                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                 565727                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                4944272                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 354036                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               4650823                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles                605567                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               4753873                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                355997                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               4675162                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles                581505                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               4863908                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles                350036                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               4691454                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles                594217                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               4746262                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                355044                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               4637656                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles                561729                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles               4775460                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                348984                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               4989893                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.job_cycles                663259                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.job_cycles               4966737                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.job_cycles                382182                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.job_cycles               4708558                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.job_cycles                636543                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.job_cycles               4814109                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.job_cycles                374761                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.job_cycles               4877231                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.job_cycles                646988                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.job_cycles               4918207                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.job_cycles                379883                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.job_cycles               4845078                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.job_cycles                638910                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_48.job_cycles               4959031                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_49.job_cycles                380853                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_50.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_51.job_cycles               4708419                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_52.job_cycles                609635                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_53.job_cycles               4790478                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_54.job_cycles                366101                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_55.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_56.job_cycles               4876348                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_57.job_cycles                629093                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_58.job_cycles               4782211                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_59.job_cycles                370438                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_60.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_61.job_cycles               4889517                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_62.job_cycles                672988                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_63.job_cycles               4992044                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_64.job_cycles                386434                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_65.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_66.job_cycles               4718853                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_67.job_cycles                656459                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_68.job_cycles               4838923                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_69.job_cycles                380312                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_70.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_71.job_cycles               4685336                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_72.job_cycles                628452                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_73.job_cycles               4784135                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_74.job_cycles                370285                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_75.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_76.job_cycles               4681340                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_77.job_cycles                613640                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_78.job_cycles               4780490                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_79.job_cycles                366164                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                       0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_48.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_49.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_50.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_51.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_52.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_53.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_54.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_55.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_56.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_57.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_58.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_59.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_60.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_61.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_62.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_63.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_64.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_65.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_66.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_67.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_68.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_69.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_70.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_71.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_72.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_73.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_74.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_75.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_76.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_77.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_78.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_79.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                632952                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               4641794                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                576983                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               4760505                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                345583                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                     0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               4629141                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles                543269                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               4901474                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                341835                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              4608781                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles               577136                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              4710455                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               343630                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              4633854                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles               556401                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              4821107                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles               338112                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              4649406                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles               565726                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              4702592                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles               342740                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              4596334                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles               539376                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles              4732681                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               337229                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              4946436                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_cycles               628761                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_cycles              4921565                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_cycles               364972                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_cycles              4665809                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_cycles               604769                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_cycles              4769855                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_cycles               360886                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_cycles              4833768                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_cycles               613893                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_cycles              4873067                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_cycles               365160                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_cycles              4802336                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_cycles               607437                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.read_cycles              4914019                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.read_cycles               364237                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.read_cycles              4666358                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.read_cycles               580807                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.read_cycles              4746826                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.read_cycles               353278                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.read_cycles              4833551                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.read_cycles               597822                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.read_cycles              4737377                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.read_cycles               356657                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.read_cycles              4845172                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.read_cycles               636041                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.read_cycles              4946163                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_64.read_cycles               371273                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_65.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_66.read_cycles              4675341                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_67.read_cycles               621713                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_68.read_cycles              4793419                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_69.read_cycles               365379                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_70.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_71.read_cycles              4642650                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_72.read_cycles               597440                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_73.read_cycles              4739912                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_74.read_cycles               353936                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_75.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_76.read_cycles              4639329                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_77.read_cycles               584482                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_78.read_cycles              4736903                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_79.read_cycles               353099                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             265233                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             288561                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             231628                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             287542                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles              50437                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             288309                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             190383                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             287435                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles              52438                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            287579                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            229520                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            287778                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles             53509                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            285963                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            210976                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            287468                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles             51622                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            287394                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            224857                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            287637                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles             50327                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            286178                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            191847                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            288151                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles             51979                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            286729                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_cycles            268603                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_cycles            287516                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_cycles             49511                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_cycles            287774                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_cycles            254603                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_cycles            287759                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_cycles             50838                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_cycles            287924                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_cycles            265502                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_cycles            287396                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_cycles             50250                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_cycles            289647                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_cycles            250399                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.compute_cycles            288548                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.compute_cycles             50876                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.compute_cycles            287941                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.compute_cycles            232148                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.compute_cycles            288209                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.compute_cycles             49299                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.compute_cycles            285935                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.compute_cycles            248774                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.compute_cycles            287864                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.compute_cycles             48523                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.compute_cycles            287494                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.compute_cycles            282533                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.compute_cycles            288354                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_64.compute_cycles             48649                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_65.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_66.compute_cycles            286412                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_67.compute_cycles            272934                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_68.compute_cycles            287632                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_69.compute_cycles             50737                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_70.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_71.compute_cycles            285412                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_72.compute_cycles            247899                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_73.compute_cycles            287621                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_74.compute_cycles             48313                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_75.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_76.compute_cycles            286106                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_77.compute_cycles            232404                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_78.compute_cycles            287901                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_79.compute_cycles             48733                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               989765                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles                55695                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles                58471                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles                61959                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles                50233                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles                52904                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles                55297                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles               56653                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles               58434                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles               61264                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles               50533                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles               53004                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles               55355                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles               56378                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles               57906                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles               61251                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles               50921                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles               52682                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles               55352                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles               68035                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_cycles               71610                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_cycles               79692                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_cycles               61524                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_cycles               64090                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_cycles               67509                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_cycles               68764                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_cycles               69958                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_cycles               74282                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_cycles               61746                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.write_cycles               64876                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.write_cycles               74629                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.write_cycles               56064                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.write_cycles               57906                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.write_cycles               59511                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.write_cycles               62588                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.write_cycles               63398                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.write_cycles               70781                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.write_cycles               73259                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.write_cycles               75838                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_64.write_cycles               76194                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_65.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_66.write_cycles               67357                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_67.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_68.write_cycles               70817                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_69.write_cycles               74726                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_70.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_71.write_cycles               61287                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_72.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_73.write_cycles               63929                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_74.write_cycles               73605                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_75.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_76.write_cycles               56507                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_77.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_78.write_cycles               59535                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_79.write_cycles               59351                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           632952                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          4641794                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           576983                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          4760505                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time           345583                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          4629141                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time           543269                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          4901474                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           341835                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         4608781                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time          577136                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         4710455                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          343630                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         4633854                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time          556401                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         4821107                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time          338112                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         4649406                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time          565726                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         4702592                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time          342740                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         4596334                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time          539376                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time         4732681                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          337229                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         4946436                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_action_time          628761                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_action_time         4921565                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_action_time          364972                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_action_time         4665809                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_action_time          604769                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_action_time         4769855                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_action_time          360886                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_action_time         4833768                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_action_time          613893                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_action_time         4873067                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_action_time          365160                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_action_time         4802336                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_action_time          607437                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.read_action_time         4914019                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.read_action_time          364237                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.read_action_time         4666358                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.read_action_time          580807                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.read_action_time         4746826                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.read_action_time          353278                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.read_action_time         4833551                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.read_action_time          597822                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.read_action_time         4737377                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.read_action_time          356657                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.read_action_time         4845172                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.read_action_time          636041                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.read_action_time         4946163                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.read_action_time          371273                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.read_action_time         4675341                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.read_action_time          621713                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.read_action_time         4793419                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.read_action_time          365379                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.read_action_time         4642650                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.read_action_time          597440                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.read_action_time         4739912                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.read_action_time          353936                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.read_action_time         4639329                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.read_action_time          584482                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.read_action_time         4736903                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.read_action_time          353099                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        263100                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        288561                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        230148                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        287542                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         49098                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        288309                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        188468                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        287435                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time         50889                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       287579                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       227964                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       287778                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time        51543                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       285963                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       208775                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       287468                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time        49621                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       287394                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       224857                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       287637                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        49370                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       286178                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       190549                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time       288151                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time        49749                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       286729                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_action_time       268154                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_action_time       287516                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_action_time        49511                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_action_time       287774                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_action_time       254075                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_action_time       287759                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_action_time        50577                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_action_time       287924                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_action_time       265502                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_action_time       287396                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_action_time        50125                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_action_time       289647                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_action_time       250023                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.compute_action_time       288548                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.compute_action_time        50876                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.compute_action_time       287941                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.compute_action_time       231517                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.compute_action_time       288209                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.compute_action_time        49299                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.compute_action_time       285935                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.compute_action_time       248525                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.compute_action_time       287864                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.compute_action_time        48523                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.compute_action_time       287494                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.compute_action_time       282533                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.compute_action_time       288354                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.compute_action_time        48649                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.compute_action_time       286412                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.compute_action_time       272673                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.compute_action_time       287632                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.compute_action_time        50667                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.compute_action_time       285412                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.compute_action_time       247470                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.compute_action_time       287621                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.compute_action_time        48313                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.compute_action_time       286106                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.compute_action_time       232009                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.compute_action_time       287901                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.compute_action_time        48733                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          659064                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time           55695                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time           58471                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time           61065                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time           50233                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time           52904                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time           54494                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time          56653                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time          58434                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time          60366                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time          50533                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time          53004                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time          54537                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time          56378                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time          57906                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time          60345                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time          50921                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time          52682                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time          54528                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time          68035                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_action_time          71610                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_action_time          77527                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_action_time          61524                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_action_time          64090                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_action_time          66522                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_action_time          68764                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_action_time          69958                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_action_time          73196                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_action_time          61746                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.write_action_time          64876                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.write_action_time          72658                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.write_action_time          56064                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.write_action_time          57906                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.write_action_time          59511                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.write_action_time          62588                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.write_action_time          63398                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.write_action_time          69793                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.write_action_time          73259                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.write_action_time          75838                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.write_action_time          76194                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.write_action_time          67357                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.write_action_time          70817                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.write_action_time          73650                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.write_action_time          61287                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.write_action_time          63929                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.write_action_time          71622                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.write_action_time          56507                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.write_action_time          59535                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.write_action_time          59351                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             788117                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            4648962                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             576983                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            4768017                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             353120                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time                  0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            4635563                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time             543269                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            4908361                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             348636                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           4615951                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time            577136                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           4717957                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            350858                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           4640290                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time            556401                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           4828002                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time            344921                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           4656582                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time            565726                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           4710351                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            350235                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           4602784                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time            539376                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time           4739554                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            344152                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           4955021                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.rw_action_time            628761                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.rw_action_time           4930831                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.rw_action_time            377069                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.rw_action_time           4673686                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.rw_action_time            604769                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.rw_action_time           4778193                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.rw_action_time            369305                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.rw_action_time           4842359                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.rw_action_time            613893                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.rw_action_time           4882306                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.rw_action_time            374331                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.rw_action_time           4810206                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.rw_action_time            607437                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.rw_action_time           4923120                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.rw_action_time            375200                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.rw_action_time           4673547                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.rw_action_time            580807                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.rw_action_time           4754557                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.rw_action_time            360946                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.rw_action_time           4841476                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.rw_action_time            597822                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.rw_action_time           4746305                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.rw_action_time            365314                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.rw_action_time           4854645                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.rw_action_time            636041                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.rw_action_time           4956138                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.rw_action_time            381103                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.rw_action_time           4683981                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.rw_action_time            621713                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.rw_action_time           4803007                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.rw_action_time            374579                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.rw_action_time           4650464                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.rw_action_time            597440                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.rw_action_time           4748239                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.rw_action_time            365094                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.rw_action_time           4646468                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.rw_action_time            584482                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.rw_action_time           4744584                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.rw_action_time            360724                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               639                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              1871                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              1017                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles              1389                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles               902                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1910                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles             1041                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles             1422                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles              992                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles             2722                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles             1600                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles             1974                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles             1028                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_busy_cycles             2991                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_busy_cycles             2601                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_busy_cycles             2466                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_busy_cycles             2513                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_busy_cycles             3047                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_busy_cycles             2712                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_busy_cycles             2934                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_busy_cycles             2606                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_busy_cycles             2715                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_busy_cycles             2518                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_busy_cycles             3788                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_busy_cycles             2700                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_busy_cycles             3295                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_busy_cycles             2833                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_busy_cycles             3243                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_busy_cycles             3092                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_busy_cycles             3736                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_busy_cycles             2652                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_busy_cycles             3035                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_busy_cycles             2582                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          98297946                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          98696646                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         101210015                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         101679481                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         104240757                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          98696642                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         101210011                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         101679477                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         104240753                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         98696648                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        101210017                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        101679483                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        104240759                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         98696644                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        101210013                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        101679479                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        104240755                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         98696653                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        101210022                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        101679488                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        104240764                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles         98696649                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        101210018                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        101679484                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        104240760                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles         98696665                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_idle_cycles        101210034                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_idle_cycles        101679500                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_idle_cycles        104240776                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_idle_cycles         98696661                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_idle_cycles        101210030                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_idle_cycles        101679496                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_idle_cycles        104240772                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_idle_cycles         98696670                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_idle_cycles        101210039                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_idle_cycles        101679505                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_idle_cycles        104240781                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_idle_cycles         98696666                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_idle_cycles        101210035                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_idle_cycles        101679501                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_idle_cycles        104240777                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_idle_cycles         98696662                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_idle_cycles        101210031                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_idle_cycles        101679497                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_idle_cycles        104240773                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_idle_cycles         98696668                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_idle_cycles        101210037                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_idle_cycles        101679503                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_idle_cycles        104240779                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_idle_cycles         98696682                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_idle_cycles        101210051                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_idle_cycles        101679517                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_idle_cycles        104240793                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_idle_cycles         98696678                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_idle_cycles        101210047                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_idle_cycles        101679513                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_idle_cycles        104240789                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_idle_cycles         98696674                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_idle_cycles        101210043                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_idle_cycles        101679509                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_idle_cycles        104240785                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_idle_cycles         98696670                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_idle_cycles        101210039                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_idle_cycles        101679505                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_idle_cycles        104240781                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          6477104                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          8532259                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          6334496                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          8292138                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          6008405                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          8512402                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          6336087                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          8264786                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          6007255                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         8505709                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         6334251                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         8269149                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         6008668                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         8527121                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         6334181                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         8278240                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         6005908                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         8534291                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         6332493                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         8255637                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         6007315                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         8501170                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles         6332771                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles         8277007                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         6004917                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles         8630028                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_stall_cycles         6342207                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_stall_cycles         8384731                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_stall_cycles         6018827                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_stall_cycles         8530141                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_stall_cycles         6338334                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_stall_cycles         8297814                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_stall_cycles         6015030                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_stall_cycles         8555858                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_stall_cycles         6337038                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_stall_cycles         8300471                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_stall_cycles         6018264                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_stall_cycles         8627262                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_stall_cycles         6339298                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_stall_cycles         8384097                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_stall_cycles         6017600                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_stall_cycles         8534220                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_stall_cycles         6333433                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_stall_cycles         8273616                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_stall_cycles         6012564                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_stall_cycles         8533916                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_stall_cycles         6335745                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_stall_cycles         8286566                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_stall_cycles         6014806                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_stall_cycles         8646951                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_stall_cycles         6338681                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_stall_cycles         8407528                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_stall_cycles         6022734                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_stall_cycles         8540446                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_stall_cycles         6338563                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_stall_cycles         8297425                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_stall_cycles         6018450                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_stall_cycles         8519336                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_stall_cycles         6333540                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_stall_cycles         8279056                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_stall_cycles         6014694                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_stall_cycles         8520129                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_stall_cycles         6337139                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_stall_cycles         8273220                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_stall_cycles         6012295                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               260                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               380                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0                47                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               379                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0                34                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               360                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0                56                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               383                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0                38                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              385                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0               49                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              408                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0               36                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              385                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0               51                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              401                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0               38                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              370                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0               53                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              394                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0               37                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              380                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0               46                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0              386                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0               31                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              336                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_0               55                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_0              360                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_0               35                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_0              344                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_0               44                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_0              381                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_0               31                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_0              360                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_0               42                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_0              367                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_0               35                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_0              357                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_0               48                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_0              363                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_0               36                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_0              349                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_0               47                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_0              383                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_0               34                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_0              346                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_0               45                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_0              381                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_0               34                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_0              357                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_0               48                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_0              357                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_64.onTLbMissCall_0               37                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_65.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_66.onTLbMissCall_0              364                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_67.onTLbMissCall_0               51                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_68.onTLbMissCall_0              364                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_69.onTLbMissCall_0               38                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_70.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_71.onTLbMissCall_0              341                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_72.onTLbMissCall_0               50                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_73.onTLbMissCall_0              376                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_74.onTLbMissCall_0               36                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_75.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_76.onTLbMissCall_0              351                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_77.onTLbMissCall_0               57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_78.onTLbMissCall_0              341                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_79.onTLbMissCall_0               37                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              3265                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1               552                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              1978                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1               575                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1               576                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1               563                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              1974                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1               568                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1               576                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1              567                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             1972                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1              567                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1              576                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1              563                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             1969                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1              563                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1              576                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1              565                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             1976                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1              566                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1              576                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1              562                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             1974                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1              573                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1              576                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1              570                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_1             1973                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_1              568                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_1              573                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_1              562                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_1             1973                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_1              564                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_1              576                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_1              576                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_1             1976                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_1              566                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_1              576                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_1              565                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_1             1966                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_1              567                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_1              571                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_1              556                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_1             1974                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_1              563                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_1              570                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_1              572                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_1             1972                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_1              560                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_1              569                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_1              565                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_1             1969                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_1              571                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_64.onTLbMissCall_1              569                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_65.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_66.onTLbMissCall_1              561                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_67.onTLbMissCall_1             1970                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_68.onTLbMissCall_1              567                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_69.onTLbMissCall_1              576                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_70.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_71.onTLbMissCall_1              561                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_72.onTLbMissCall_1             1963                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_73.onTLbMissCall_1              568                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_74.onTLbMissCall_1              572                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_75.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_76.onTLbMissCall_1              562                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_77.onTLbMissCall_1             1972                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_78.onTLbMissCall_1              575                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_79.onTLbMissCall_1              570                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              3153                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             19057                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              1501                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             23547                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              1262                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             19200                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              1496                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             24118                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              1290                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            19127                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             1500                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2            23475                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             1258                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2            19217                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2             1498                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2            24170                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             1290                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2            19294                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             1492                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2            23154                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2             1256                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2            19295                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             1507                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2            23994                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2             1293                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2            19071                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_2             1496                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_2            22119                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_2             1200                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_2            18963                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_2             1506                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_2            22183                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_2             1262                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_2            19125                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_2             1499                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_2            21998                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_2             1200                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_2            18960                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_2             1501                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_2            22515                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_2             1261                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_2            19043                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_2             1496                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_2            23234                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_2             1256                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_2            19206                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_2             1503                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_2            21959                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_2             1258                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_2            18884                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_2             1497                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_2            21841                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_64.onTLbMissCall_2             1192                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_65.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_66.onTLbMissCall_2            18871                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_67.onTLbMissCall_2             1494                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_68.onTLbMissCall_2            22043                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_69.onTLbMissCall_2             1197                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_70.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_71.onTLbMissCall_2            18983                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_72.onTLbMissCall_2             1501                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_73.onTLbMissCall_2            22191                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_74.onTLbMissCall_2             1259                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_75.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_76.onTLbMissCall_2            19080                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_77.onTLbMissCall_2             1490                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_78.onTLbMissCall_2            23559                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_79.onTLbMissCall_2             1260                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles           10479                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles            6722                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles            3084                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles             418                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles            1438                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles            5488                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles            3294                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles             417                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles            1462                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles           3692                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles           3206                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles           4258                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles           2450                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles           6664                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles           3369                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles            416                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles           2429                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles           6223                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles           3222                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles           3678                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles           2301                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles           3263                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles           3139                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles            408                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles           2450                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles           6064                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshr_stall_cycles           3342                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshr_stall_cycles           4373                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshr_stall_cycles           1863                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshr_stall_cycles           6114                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshr_stall_cycles           3447                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshr_stall_cycles           3762                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshr_stall_cycles           1862                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshr_stall_cycles           6284                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshr_stall_cycles           3213                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshr_stall_cycles           4275                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshr_stall_cycles           1858                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshr_stall_cycles           6101                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshr_stall_cycles           3498                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.mshr_stall_cycles           3547                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.mshr_stall_cycles           1861                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.mshr_stall_cycles           6491                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.mshr_stall_cycles           3296                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.mshr_stall_cycles           3990                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.mshr_stall_cycles           1812                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.mshr_stall_cycles           6404                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.mshr_stall_cycles           3310                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.mshr_stall_cycles           3868                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.mshr_stall_cycles           1781                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.mshr_stall_cycles           6169                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.mshr_stall_cycles           3477                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.mshr_stall_cycles           4866                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.mshr_stall_cycles           1861                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.mshr_stall_cycles           6869                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.mshr_stall_cycles           3674                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.mshr_stall_cycles           4527                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.mshr_stall_cycles           1813                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.mshr_stall_cycles           6426                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.mshr_stall_cycles           3508                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.mshr_stall_cycles           4554                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.mshr_stall_cycles           1867                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.mshr_stall_cycles           7813                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.mshr_stall_cycles           3250                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.mshr_stall_cycles           4740                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.mshr_stall_cycles           1833                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      219839     25.30%     25.30% |      216362     24.90%     50.20% |      216340     24.90%     75.10% |      216314     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       868855                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56759     25.92%     25.92% |       54095     24.70%     50.62% |       54101     24.70%     75.32% |       54053     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       219008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      219866     25.30%     25.30% |      216362     24.90%     50.21% |      216340     24.90%     75.10% |      216313     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       868881                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       62655     25.82%     25.82% |       59997     24.73%     50.55% |       60007     24.73%     75.29% |       59960     24.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       242619                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6096     25.00%     25.00% |        6096     25.00%     50.00% |        6096     25.00%     75.00% |        6096     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24384                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      154888     25.10%     25.10% |      154075     24.97%     50.07% |      154047     24.96%     75.03% |      154069     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       617079                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      219839     25.30%     25.30% |      216362     24.90%     50.20% |      216340     24.90%     75.10% |      216314     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       868855                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       56504     25.90%     25.90% |       53901     24.70%     50.60% |       53911     24.71%     75.31% |       53864     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       218180                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      154888     25.10%     25.10% |      154075     24.97%     50.07% |      154047     24.96%     75.03% |      154069     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       617079                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      219839     25.30%     25.30% |      216362     24.90%     50.20% |      216340     24.90%     75.10% |      216313     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       868854                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       56504     25.90%     25.90% |       53901     24.70%     50.60% |       53911     24.71%     75.31% |       53864     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       218180                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          773                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     4155778     74.96%     74.96% |          76      0.00%     74.97% |       95459      1.72%     76.69% |       86115      1.55%     78.24% |       86243      1.56%     79.80% |       86499      1.56%     81.36% |       86243      1.56%     82.91% |       85987      1.55%     84.46% |       86115      1.55%     86.02% |       86115      1.55%     87.57% |       85859      1.55%     89.12% |       86499      1.56%     90.68% |       86115      1.55%     92.23% |       85859      1.55%     93.78% |       86243      1.56%     95.34% |       86243      1.56%     96.89% |       85987      1.55%     98.44% |       86243      1.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      5543678                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     4073477    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      4073477                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     8192367     99.17%     99.17% |           0      0.00%     99.17% |       12868      0.16%     99.33% |        3713      0.04%     99.37% |        3713      0.04%     99.42% |        3713      0.04%     99.46% |        3713      0.04%     99.51% |        3713      0.04%     99.55% |        3713      0.04%     99.60% |        3713      0.04%     99.64% |        3713      0.04%     99.69% |        3713      0.04%     99.73% |        3713      0.04%     99.78% |        3713      0.04%     99.82% |        3713      0.04%     99.87% |        3713      0.04%     99.91% |        3713      0.04%     99.96% |        3713      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      8260930                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15706     64.24%     64.24% |          71      0.29%     64.53% |        3587     14.67%     79.20% |         295      1.21%     80.40% |         326      1.33%     81.74% |         329      1.35%     83.08% |         295      1.21%     84.29% |         342      1.40%     85.69% |         290      1.19%     86.88% |         356      1.46%     88.33% |         358      1.46%     89.80% |         355      1.45%     91.25% |         325      1.33%     92.58% |         363      1.48%     94.06% |         367      1.50%     95.56% |         355      1.45%     97.01% |         357      1.46%     98.47% |         373      1.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        24450                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      561535     46.30%     46.30% |           0      0.00%     46.30% |       56016      4.62%     50.92% |       39686      3.27%     54.19% |       39670      3.27%     57.46% |       39690      3.27%     60.73% |       39677      3.27%     64.00% |       39684      3.27%     67.27% |       39739      3.28%     70.55% |       39687      3.27%     73.82% |       39686      3.27%     77.09% |       39692      3.27%     80.37% |       39678      3.27%     83.64% |       39686      3.27%     86.91% |       39690      3.27%     90.18% |       39696      3.27%     93.46% |       39680      3.27%     96.73% |       39699      3.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1212891                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3      0.10%      0.10% |         224      7.68%      7.78% |         224      7.68%     15.46% |         225      7.71%     23.17% |         224      7.68%     30.85% |         224      7.68%     38.53% |         162      5.55%     44.09% |         161      5.52%     49.61% |         189      6.48%     56.09% |         193      6.62%     62.70% |         193      6.62%     69.32% |         162      5.55%     74.87% |         190      6.51%     81.38% |         161      5.52%     86.90% |         189      6.48%     93.38% |         193      6.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         2917                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          14      0.33%      0.33% |           3      0.07%      0.40% |          32      0.75%      1.15% |         237      5.57%      6.72% |         267      6.27%     12.99% |         276      6.48%     19.47% |         237      5.57%     25.04% |         278      6.53%     31.56% |         236      5.54%     37.11% |         298      7.00%     44.11% |         297      6.98%     51.08% |         298      7.00%     58.08% |         263      6.18%     64.26% |         305      7.16%     71.42% |         303      7.12%     78.53% |         297      6.98%     85.51% |         298      7.00%     92.51% |         319      7.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         4258                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          63     92.65%     92.65% |           2      2.94%     95.59% |           0      0.00%     95.59% |           1      1.47%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           1      1.47%     98.53% |           0      0.00%     98.53% |           0      0.00%     98.53% |           0      0.00%     98.53% |           0      0.00%     98.53% |           0      0.00%     98.53% |           1      1.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total           68                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      154520     19.39%     19.39% |          63      0.01%     19.40% |       44496      5.58%     24.98% |       39862      5.00%     29.98% |       39861      5.00%     34.98% |       39871      5.00%     39.98% |       39859      5.00%     44.98% |       39856      5.00%     49.98% |       39876      5.00%     54.99% |       39861      5.00%     59.99% |       39863      5.00%     64.99% |       39868      5.00%     69.99% |       39856      5.00%     74.99% |       39860      5.00%     79.99% |       39859      5.00%     85.00% |       39864      5.00%     90.00% |       39862      5.00%     95.00% |       39867      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       797024                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.02%      0.02% |          13      0.31%      0.33% |        3546     83.28%     83.61% |          50      1.17%     84.78% |          47      1.10%     85.89% |          48      1.13%     87.01% |          49      1.15%     88.16% |          65      1.53%     89.69% |          36      0.85%     90.54% |          43      1.01%     91.55% |          44      1.03%     92.58% |          42      0.99%     93.57% |          48      1.13%     94.69% |          48      1.13%     95.82% |          49      1.15%     96.97% |          43      1.01%     97.98% |          44      1.03%     99.01% |          42      0.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         4258                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      410759     96.95%     96.95% |           0      0.00%     96.95% |        8434      1.99%     98.94% |         294      0.07%     99.01% |         287      0.07%     99.08% |         292      0.07%     99.15% |         291      0.07%     99.22% |         286      0.07%     99.28% |         349      0.08%     99.37% |         298      0.07%     99.44% |         294      0.07%     99.51% |         301      0.07%     99.58% |         292      0.07%     99.65% |         295      0.07%     99.71% |         301      0.07%     99.79% |         301      0.07%     99.86% |         298      0.07%     99.93% |         308      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       423680                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          77     38.69%     38.69% |           8      4.02%     42.71% |           8      4.02%     46.73% |           8      4.02%     50.75% |           8      4.02%     54.77% |           9      4.52%     59.30% |           7      3.52%     62.81% |           8      4.02%     66.83% |           8      4.02%     70.85% |           6      3.02%     73.87% |           9      4.52%     78.39% |           9      4.52%     82.91% |           9      4.52%     87.44% |           8      4.02%     91.46% |           8      4.02%     95.48% |           9      4.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21      9.63%      9.63% |           0      0.00%      9.63% |          71     32.57%     42.20% |          10      4.59%     46.79% |           8      3.67%     50.46% |           9      4.13%     54.59% |           8      3.67%     58.26% |          10      4.59%     62.84% |           7      3.21%     66.06% |           8      3.67%     69.72% |           8      3.67%     73.39% |           6      2.75%     76.15% |           9      4.13%     80.28% |          10      4.59%     84.86% |           9      4.13%     88.99% |           8      3.67%     92.66% |           8      3.67%     96.33% |           8      3.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total          218                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      438151     40.71%     40.71% |           0      0.00%     40.71% |       52310      4.86%     45.58% |       39056      3.63%     49.20% |       39025      3.63%     52.83% |       39025      3.63%     56.46% |       39060      3.63%     60.09% |       39012      3.63%     63.71% |       39148      3.64%     67.35% |       39065      3.63%     70.98% |       39024      3.63%     74.61% |       39024      3.63%     78.23% |       39057      3.63%     81.86% |       39057      3.63%     85.49% |       39015      3.63%     89.12% |       39062      3.63%     92.75% |       39040      3.63%     96.37% |       39023      3.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1076154                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      153488     19.13%     19.13% |          38      0.00%     19.13% |       48179      6.00%     25.14% |       40044      4.99%     30.13% |       40028      4.99%     35.12% |       40048      4.99%     40.11% |       40028      4.99%     45.10% |       40042      4.99%     50.09% |       40079      5.00%     55.08% |       40037      4.99%     60.07% |       40050      4.99%     65.07% |       40056      4.99%     70.06% |       40035      4.99%     75.05% |       40036      4.99%     80.04% |       40054      4.99%     85.03% |       40053      4.99%     90.02% |       40028      4.99%     95.01% |       40045      4.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       802368                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122913    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122913                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      286042     96.39%     96.39% |           0      0.00%     96.39% |        8349      2.81%     99.21% |         154      0.05%     99.26% |         154      0.05%     99.31% |         154      0.05%     99.36% |         161      0.05%     99.42% |         154      0.05%     99.47% |         172      0.06%     99.53% |         162      0.05%     99.58% |         148      0.05%     99.63% |         148      0.05%     99.68% |         155      0.05%     99.73% |         162      0.05%     99.79% |         148      0.05%     99.84% |         155      0.05%     99.89% |         164      0.06%     99.94% |         166      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       296748                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11270     57.82%     57.82% |           0      0.00%     57.82% |        3563     18.28%     76.09% |         266      1.36%     77.46% |         296      1.52%     78.98% |         298      1.53%     80.51% |         266      1.36%     81.87% |         314      1.61%     83.48% |         262      1.34%     84.83% |         327      1.68%     86.50% |         326      1.67%     88.18% |         329      1.69%     89.86% |         300      1.54%     91.40% |         333      1.71%     93.11% |         339      1.74%     94.85% |         329      1.69%     96.54% |         328      1.68%     98.22% |         347      1.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        19493                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1628     91.00%     91.00% |          38      2.12%     93.12% |          10      0.56%     93.68% |          10      0.56%     94.24% |          13      0.73%     94.97% |          10      0.56%     95.53% |          10      0.56%     96.09% |          10      0.56%     96.65% |          10      0.56%     97.21% |           3      0.17%     97.37% |           3      0.17%     97.54% |           7      0.39%     97.93% |           6      0.34%     98.27% |           6      0.34%     98.60% |           7      0.39%     98.99% |           0      0.00%     98.99% |          12      0.67%     99.66% |           6      0.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1789                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1171    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1171                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          40     93.02%     93.02% |           0      0.00%     93.02% |           1      2.33%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           2      4.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           43                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         723     18.46%     18.46% |           0      0.00%     18.46% |          14      0.36%     18.82% |         240      6.13%     24.94% |         238      6.08%     31.02% |         243      6.20%     37.22% |         240      6.13%     43.35% |         237      6.05%     49.40% |         178      4.54%     53.94% |         184      4.70%     58.64% |         215      5.49%     64.13% |         209      5.34%     69.47% |         209      5.34%     74.80% |         183      4.67%     79.47% |         208      5.31%     84.78% |         184      4.70%     89.48% |         203      5.18%     94.66% |         209      5.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         3917                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       12245      1.72%      1.72% |           0      0.00%      1.72% |       44164      6.21%      7.93% |       43602      6.13%     14.06% |       43750      6.15%     20.22% |       43991      6.19%     26.40% |       43725      6.15%     32.55% |       43456      6.11%     38.66% |       43563      6.13%     44.79% |       43622      6.13%     50.92% |       43356      6.10%     57.02% |       43973      6.18%     63.20% |       43621      6.13%     69.34% |       43360      6.10%     75.43% |       43733      6.15%     81.58% |       43740      6.15%     87.73% |       43496      6.12%     93.85% |       43739      6.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       711136                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3949329    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3949329                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21     14.00%     14.00% |           0      0.00%     14.00% |           8      5.33%     19.33% |           8      5.33%     24.67% |           8      5.33%     30.00% |           8      5.33%     35.33% |           8      5.33%     40.67% |           9      6.00%     46.67% |           7      4.67%     51.33% |           8      5.33%     56.67% |           8      5.33%     62.00% |           6      4.00%     66.00% |           9      6.00%     72.00% |           9      6.00%     78.00% |           9      6.00%     84.00% |           8      5.33%     89.33% |           8      5.33%     94.67% |           8      5.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total          150                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2075     81.89%     81.89% |          14      0.55%     82.44% |          23      0.91%     83.35% |          29      1.14%     84.49% |          30      1.18%     85.67% |          31      1.22%     86.90% |          29      1.14%     88.04% |          28      1.10%     89.15% |          26      1.03%     90.17% |          29      1.14%     91.32% |          30      1.18%     92.50% |          26      1.03%     93.53% |          25      0.99%     94.51% |          30      1.18%     95.70% |          28      1.10%     96.80% |          26      1.03%     97.83% |          29      1.14%     98.97% |          26      1.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2534                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122545     92.34%     92.34% |           0      0.00%     92.34% |        3692      2.78%     95.13% |         390      0.29%     95.42% |         407      0.31%     95.73% |         422      0.32%     96.05% |         377      0.28%     96.33% |         435      0.33%     96.66% |         413      0.31%     96.97% |         438      0.33%     97.30% |         447      0.34%     97.64% |         459      0.35%     97.98% |         412      0.31%     98.29% |         446      0.34%     98.63% |         467      0.35%     98.98% |         450      0.34%     99.32% |         437      0.33%     99.65% |         467      0.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       132704                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1595035     97.66%     97.66% |           0      0.00%     97.66% |        2993      0.18%     97.85% |        2346      0.14%     97.99% |        2339      0.14%     98.13% |        2337      0.14%     98.28% |        2369      0.15%     98.42% |        2366      0.14%     98.57% |        2350      0.14%     98.71% |        2342      0.14%     98.85% |        2338      0.14%     99.00% |        2350      0.14%     99.14% |        2343      0.14%     99.28% |        2346      0.14%     99.43% |        2337      0.14%     99.57% |        2339      0.14%     99.71% |        2340      0.14%     99.86% |        2341      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1633211                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       25178     50.75%     50.75% |           0      0.00%     50.75% |        1529      3.08%     53.83% |        1530      3.08%     56.92% |        1530      3.08%     60.00% |        1530      3.08%     63.08% |        1523      3.07%     66.15% |        1527      3.08%     69.23% |        1515      3.05%     72.28% |        1522      3.07%     75.35% |        1536      3.10%     78.45% |        1538      3.10%     81.55% |        1528      3.08%     84.63% |        1521      3.07%     87.69% |        1535      3.09%     90.79% |        1529      3.08%     93.87% |        1521      3.07%     96.94% |        1520      3.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        49612                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2099     97.13%     97.13% |          57      2.64%     99.77% |           1      0.05%     99.81% |           0      0.00%     99.81% |           0      0.00%     99.81% |           0      0.00%     99.81% |           0      0.00%     99.81% |           0      0.00%     99.81% |           2      0.09%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           2      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      127155     17.24%     17.24% |           0      0.00%     17.24% |       42624      5.78%     23.02% |       37823      5.13%     28.15% |       37823      5.13%     33.28% |       37825      5.13%     38.40% |       37828      5.13%     43.53% |       37809      5.13%     48.66% |       37849      5.13%     53.79% |       37895      5.14%     58.93% |       37853      5.13%     64.06% |       37852      5.13%     69.19% |       37860      5.13%     74.33% |       37889      5.14%     79.46% |       37846      5.13%     84.60% |       37892      5.14%     89.73% |       37869      5.13%     94.87% |       37856      5.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       737548                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         220      7.73%      7.73% |         220      7.73%     15.45% |         220      7.73%     23.18% |         220      7.73%     30.91% |         220      7.73%     38.64% |         158      5.55%     44.19% |         157      5.51%     49.70% |         185      6.50%     56.20% |         189      6.64%     62.84% |         189      6.64%     69.48% |         157      5.51%     74.99% |         185      6.50%     81.49% |         157      5.51%     87.00% |         185      6.50%     93.50% |         185      6.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total         2847                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           1      0.16%      0.16% |           3      0.49%      0.65% |          27      4.39%      5.04% |          37      6.02%     11.06% |          36      5.85%     16.91% |          44      7.15%     24.07% |          36      5.85%     29.92% |          48      7.80%     37.72% |          37      6.02%     43.74% |          35      5.69%     49.43% |          35      5.69%     55.12% |          37      6.02%     61.14% |          35      5.69%     66.83% |          41      6.67%     73.50% |          40      6.50%     80.00% |          34      5.53%     85.53% |          35      5.69%     91.22% |          54      8.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total          615                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2392436     99.93%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |         113      0.00%     99.93% |         113      0.00%     99.93% |         113      0.00%     99.94% |         113      0.00%     99.94% |         111      0.00%     99.95% |         113      0.00%     99.95% |         113      0.00%     99.96% |         111      0.00%     99.96% |         112      0.00%     99.97% |         113      0.00%     99.97% |         110      0.00%     99.98% |         111      0.00%     99.98% |         112      0.00%     99.99% |         111      0.00%     99.99% |         111      0.00%    100.00% |         112      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2394228                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     7879596     99.58%     99.58% |           0      0.00%     99.58% |        2981      0.04%     99.62% |        2021      0.03%     99.64% |        2021      0.03%     99.67% |        2021      0.03%     99.69% |        2021      0.03%     99.72% |        2021      0.03%     99.74% |        2019      0.03%     99.77% |        2021      0.03%     99.80% |        2021      0.03%     99.82% |        2021      0.03%     99.85% |        2021      0.03%     99.87% |        2021      0.03%     99.90% |        2021      0.03%     99.92% |        2021      0.03%     99.95% |        2020      0.03%     99.97% |        2019      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      7912887                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         262    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          262                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      310996     91.85%     91.85% |           0      0.00%     91.85% |        9686      2.86%     94.71% |        1233      0.36%     95.07% |        1202      0.35%     95.43% |        1200      0.35%     95.78% |        1232      0.36%     96.14% |        1203      0.36%     96.50% |        1299      0.38%     96.88% |        1170      0.35%     97.23% |        1171      0.35%     97.57% |        1172      0.35%     97.92% |        1197      0.35%     98.27% |        1168      0.34%     98.62% |        1169      0.35%     98.96% |        1170      0.35%     99.31% |        1171      0.35%     99.66% |        1167      0.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       338606                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3      4.29%      4.29% |           4      5.71%     10.00% |           4      5.71%     15.71% |           5      7.14%     22.86% |           4      5.71%     28.57% |           4      5.71%     34.29% |           4      5.71%     40.00% |           4      5.71%     45.71% |           4      5.71%     51.43% |           4      5.71%     57.14% |           4      5.71%     62.86% |           5      7.14%     70.00% |           5      7.14%     77.14% |           4      5.71%     82.86% |           4      5.71%     88.57% |           8     11.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           70                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          13      0.36%      0.36% |           0      0.00%      0.36% |           5      0.14%      0.49% |         200      5.49%      5.98% |         231      6.34%     12.33% |         232      6.37%     18.69% |         201      5.52%     24.21% |         230      6.31%     30.52% |         199      5.46%     35.99% |         263      7.22%     43.21% |         262      7.19%     50.40% |         261      7.16%     57.56% |         228      6.26%     63.82% |         264      7.25%     71.07% |         263      7.22%     78.29% |         263      7.22%     85.51% |         263      7.22%     92.73% |         265      7.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         3643                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         103    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          103                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      154520     19.39%     19.39% |          63      0.01%     19.40% |       44496      5.58%     24.98% |       39862      5.00%     29.98% |       39861      5.00%     34.98% |       39871      5.00%     39.98% |       39859      5.00%     44.98% |       39856      5.00%     49.98% |       39876      5.00%     54.99% |       39861      5.00%     59.99% |       39863      5.00%     64.99% |       39868      5.00%     69.99% |       39856      5.00%     74.99% |       39860      5.00%     79.99% |       39859      5.00%     85.00% |       39864      5.00%     90.00% |       39862      5.00%     95.00% |       39867      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       797024                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.02%      0.02% |          13      0.31%      0.33% |        3546     83.28%     83.61% |          50      1.17%     84.78% |          47      1.10%     85.89% |          48      1.13%     87.01% |          49      1.15%     88.16% |          65      1.53%     89.69% |          36      0.85%     90.54% |          43      1.01%     91.55% |          44      1.03%     92.58% |          42      0.99%     93.57% |          48      1.13%     94.69% |          48      1.13%     95.82% |          49      1.15%     96.97% |          43      1.01%     97.98% |          44      1.03%     99.01% |          42      0.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         4258                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      124677     98.20%     98.20% |           0      0.00%     98.20% |         147      0.12%     98.32% |         142      0.11%     98.43% |         133      0.10%     98.54% |         139      0.11%     98.65% |         130      0.10%     98.75% |         131      0.10%     98.85% |         177      0.14%     98.99% |         136      0.11%     99.10% |         146      0.11%     99.21% |         153      0.12%     99.33% |         137      0.11%     99.44% |         134      0.11%     99.55% |         153      0.12%     99.67% |         146      0.11%     99.78% |         134      0.11%     99.89% |         142      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126957                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          63     92.65%     92.65% |           2      2.94%     95.59% |           0      0.00%     95.59% |           1      1.47%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           1      1.47%     98.53% |           0      0.00%     98.53% |           0      0.00%     98.53% |           0      0.00%     98.53% |           0      0.00%     98.53% |           0      0.00%     98.53% |           1      1.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total           68                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      286082     96.41%     96.41% |           0      0.00%     96.41% |        8287      2.79%     99.21% |         152      0.05%     99.26% |         154      0.05%     99.31% |         153      0.05%     99.36% |         161      0.05%     99.42% |         155      0.05%     99.47% |         172      0.06%     99.53% |         162      0.05%     99.58% |         148      0.05%     99.63% |         148      0.05%     99.68% |         155      0.05%     99.73% |         161      0.05%     99.79% |         148      0.05%     99.84% |         155      0.05%     99.89% |         164      0.06%     99.94% |         166      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       296723                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          77     38.89%     38.89% |           8      4.04%     42.93% |           8      4.04%     46.97% |           8      4.04%     51.01% |           8      4.04%     55.05% |           9      4.55%     59.60% |           7      3.54%     63.13% |           8      4.04%     67.17% |           8      4.04%     71.21% |           6      3.03%     74.24% |           9      4.55%     78.79% |           9      4.55%     83.33% |           9      4.55%     87.88% |           8      4.04%     91.92% |           8      4.04%     95.96% |           8      4.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          198                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21      9.63%      9.63% |           0      0.00%      9.63% |          71     32.57%     42.20% |          10      4.59%     46.79% |           8      3.67%     50.46% |           9      4.13%     54.59% |           8      3.67%     58.26% |          10      4.59%     62.84% |           7      3.21%     66.06% |           8      3.67%     69.72% |           8      3.67%     73.39% |           6      2.75%     76.15% |           9      4.13%     80.28% |          10      4.59%     84.86% |           9      4.13%     88.99% |           8      3.67%     92.66% |           8      3.67%     96.33% |           8      3.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total          218                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         946    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total          946                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          64    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        1490    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         1490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      438151     40.71%     40.71% |           0      0.00%     40.71% |       52310      4.86%     45.58% |       39056      3.63%     49.20% |       39025      3.63%     52.83% |       39025      3.63%     56.46% |       39060      3.63%     60.09% |       39012      3.63%     63.71% |       39148      3.64%     67.35% |       39065      3.63%     70.98% |       39024      3.63%     74.61% |       39024      3.63%     78.23% |       39057      3.63%     81.86% |       39057      3.63%     85.49% |       39015      3.63%     89.12% |       39062      3.63%     92.75% |       39040      3.63%     96.37% |       39023      3.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1076154                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3855      3.11%      3.11% |        3783      3.05%      6.15% |        3480      2.80%      8.96% |        3498      2.82%     11.78% |        3590      2.89%     14.67% |        3971      3.20%     17.87% |        3755      3.03%     20.89% |        3266      2.63%     23.52% |        3527      2.84%     26.37% |        5149      4.15%     30.52% |        3906      3.15%     33.66% |        3820      3.08%     36.74% |        3486      2.81%     39.55% |        4344      3.50%     43.05% |        3899      3.14%     46.19% |        3742      3.01%     49.20% |        4161      3.35%     52.56% |        4181      3.37%     55.93% |        3551      2.86%     58.79% |        3264      2.63%     61.42% |        3092      2.49%     63.91% |        3718      3.00%     66.90% |        3533      2.85%     69.75% |        3405      2.74%     72.49% |        3642      2.93%     75.43% |        3745      3.02%     78.45% |        3284      2.65%     81.09% |        4739      3.82%     84.91% |        3960      3.19%     88.10% |        5241      4.22%     92.32% |        5071      4.09%     96.41% |        4458      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124116                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       64984      8.08%      8.08% |       24848      3.09%     11.17% |       23710      2.95%     14.12% |       24473      3.04%     17.16% |       23815      2.96%     20.12% |       23518      2.92%     23.05% |       23086      2.87%     25.92% |       23148      2.88%     28.80% |       24578      3.06%     31.85% |       23667      2.94%     34.80% |       25077      3.12%     37.91% |       24536      3.05%     40.96% |       23548      2.93%     43.89% |       23279      2.89%     46.79% |       22838      2.84%     49.63% |       23206      2.89%     52.51% |       25142      3.13%     55.64% |       23750      2.95%     58.59% |       23941      2.98%     61.57% |       23955      2.98%     64.55% |       23668      2.94%     67.49% |       23622      2.94%     70.43% |       23528      2.93%     73.35% |       23292      2.90%     76.25% |       24404      3.03%     79.28% |       23617      2.94%     82.22% |       23352      2.90%     85.13% |       22918      2.85%     87.98% |       23515      2.92%     90.90% |       23071      2.87%     93.77% |       23842      2.96%     96.73% |       26277      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       804205                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       14705      4.95%      4.95% |        8840      2.98%      7.93% |        9240      3.11%     11.05% |        8683      2.93%     13.97% |        9393      3.16%     17.14% |        8844      2.98%     20.12% |        8956      3.02%     23.13% |        8615      2.90%     26.04% |        9442      3.18%     29.22% |        8762      2.95%     32.17% |        9307      3.14%     35.30% |        8689      2.93%     38.23% |        9222      3.11%     41.34% |        8536      2.88%     44.21% |        9047      3.05%     47.26% |        8582      2.89%     50.15% |        9207      3.10%     53.26% |        8630      2.91%     56.16% |        9342      3.15%     59.31% |        8877      2.99%     62.30% |        9432      3.18%     65.48% |        8938      3.01%     68.49% |        9566      3.22%     71.71% |        8814      2.97%     74.68% |        9313      3.14%     77.82% |        8795      2.96%     80.78% |        9559      3.22%     84.01% |        8994      3.03%     87.04% |        9720      3.27%     90.31% |        8905      3.00%     93.31% |       10504      3.54%     96.85% |        9351      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       296810                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |         131     87.33%     87.33% |           0      0.00%     87.33% |           1      0.67%     88.00% |           1      0.67%     88.67% |           0      0.00%     88.67% |           0      0.00%     88.67% |           0      0.00%     88.67% |           0      0.00%     88.67% |           0      0.00%     88.67% |           0      0.00%     88.67% |           0      0.00%     88.67% |           0      0.00%     88.67% |           0      0.00%     88.67% |           0      0.00%     88.67% |           2      1.33%     90.00% |           1      0.67%     90.67% |           0      0.00%     90.67% |           0      0.00%     90.67% |           7      4.67%     95.33% |           1      0.67%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           1      0.67%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           2      1.33%     98.00% |           1      0.67%     98.67% |           1      0.67%     99.33% |           1      0.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total          150                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       76485      7.11%      7.11% |       32810      3.05%     10.16% |       32103      2.98%     13.14% |       32287      3.00%     16.14% |       32530      3.02%     19.16% |       31444      2.92%     22.08% |       31402      2.92%     25.00% |       31109      2.89%     27.89% |       33360      3.10%     30.99% |       31792      2.95%     33.95% |       33711      3.13%     37.08% |       32560      3.03%     40.11% |       32132      2.99%     43.09% |       31178      2.90%     45.99% |       31211      2.90%     48.89% |       31111      2.89%     51.78% |       33701      3.13%     54.91% |       31544      2.93%     57.84% |       32411      3.01%     60.85% |       31980      2.97%     63.83% |       32469      3.02%     66.84% |       31914      2.97%     69.81% |       32449      3.02%     72.82% |       31442      2.92%     75.75% |       33083      3.07%     78.82% |       31777      2.95%     81.77% |       32286      3.00%     84.77% |       31258      2.90%     87.68% |       32610      3.03%     90.71% |       31349      2.91%     93.62% |       33717      3.13%     96.75% |       34939      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1076154                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        9320      4.27%      4.27% |        6729      3.09%      7.36% |        6746      3.09%     10.46% |        6736      3.09%     13.55% |        6716      3.08%     16.63% |        6728      3.09%     19.71% |        6737      3.09%     22.80% |        6727      3.09%     25.89% |        6742      3.09%     28.98% |        6741      3.09%     32.07% |        6746      3.09%     35.17% |        6742      3.09%     38.26% |        6728      3.09%     41.35% |        6731      3.09%     44.43% |        6727      3.09%     47.52% |        6729      3.09%     50.61% |        6753      3.10%     53.70% |        6727      3.09%     56.79% |        6742      3.09%     59.88% |        6730      3.09%     62.97% |        6728      3.09%     66.05% |        6748      3.10%     69.15% |        6734      3.09%     72.24% |        6731      3.09%     75.33% |        6737      3.09%     78.42% |        6733      3.09%     81.50% |        6731      3.09%     84.59% |        6724      3.08%     87.68% |        6731      3.09%     90.76% |        6715      3.08%     93.84% |        6713      3.08%     96.92% |        6710      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       218012                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       20104      3.26%      3.26% |       19283      3.12%      6.38% |       19322      3.13%      9.51% |       19290      3.13%     12.64% |       19287      3.12%     15.76% |       19242      3.12%     18.88% |       19230      3.12%     21.99% |       19255      3.12%     25.11% |       19249      3.12%     28.23% |       19280      3.12%     31.36% |       19310      3.13%     34.48% |       19280      3.12%     37.61% |       19293      3.13%     40.73% |       19274      3.12%     43.86% |       19264      3.12%     46.98% |       19265      3.12%     50.10% |       19255      3.12%     53.22% |       19289      3.13%     56.34% |       19243      3.12%     59.46% |       19243      3.12%     62.58% |       19235      3.12%     65.69% |       19224      3.11%     68.81% |       19220      3.11%     71.92% |       19242      3.12%     75.04% |       19275      3.12%     78.16% |       19280      3.12%     81.29% |       19259      3.12%     84.41% |       19240      3.12%     87.52% |       19239      3.12%     90.64% |       19252      3.12%     93.76% |       19234      3.12%     96.87% |       19289      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       617247                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       30540      3.51%      3.51% |       27062      3.11%      6.63% |       27115      3.12%      9.75% |       27074      3.12%     12.87% |       27050      3.11%     15.98% |       27017      3.11%     19.09% |       27015      3.11%     22.20% |       27030      3.11%     25.31% |       27039      3.11%     28.42% |       27069      3.12%     31.54% |       27103      3.12%     34.66% |       27070      3.12%     37.77% |       27068      3.12%     40.89% |       27052      3.11%     44.00% |       27038      3.11%     47.11% |       27041      3.11%     50.23% |       27055      3.11%     53.34% |       27064      3.11%     56.45% |       27033      3.11%     59.57% |       27021      3.11%     62.68% |       27011      3.11%     65.78% |       27021      3.11%     68.89% |       27002      3.11%     72.00% |       27020      3.11%     75.11% |       27059      3.11%     78.23% |       27062      3.11%     81.34% |       27039      3.11%     84.45% |       27010      3.11%     87.56% |       27017      3.11%     90.67% |       27015      3.11%     93.78% |       26995      3.11%     96.89% |       27047      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       868854                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       29516      3.53%      3.53% |       26038      3.11%      6.64% |       26091      3.12%      9.77% |       26050      3.12%     12.88% |       26026      3.11%     15.99% |       25993      3.11%     19.10% |       25991      3.11%     22.21% |       26006      3.11%     25.32% |       26015      3.11%     28.43% |       26045      3.12%     31.55% |       26079      3.12%     34.67% |       26046      3.12%     37.78% |       26044      3.11%     40.90% |       26028      3.11%     44.01% |       26014      3.11%     47.12% |       26017      3.11%     50.23% |       26031      3.11%     53.35% |       26040      3.11%     56.46% |       26009      3.11%     59.57% |       25997      3.11%     62.68% |       25987      3.11%     65.79% |       25997      3.11%     68.90% |       25978      3.11%     72.01% |       25996      3.11%     75.12% |       26035      3.11%     78.23% |       26038      3.11%     81.34% |       26015      3.11%     84.46% |       25986      3.11%     87.56% |       25993      3.11%     90.67% |       25991      3.11%     93.78% |       25971      3.11%     96.89% |       26023      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       836086                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         279      7.14%      7.14% |         118      3.02%     10.17% |         121      3.10%     13.27% |         121      3.10%     16.36% |         135      3.46%     19.82% |         132      3.38%     23.20% |         113      2.89%     26.09% |         117      3.00%     29.09% |         119      3.05%     32.14% |         115      2.94%     35.08% |         116      2.97%     38.05% |         114      2.92%     40.97% |         118      3.02%     43.99% |         111      2.84%     46.84% |         113      2.89%     49.73% |         111      2.84%     52.57% |         112      2.87%     55.44% |         113      2.89%     58.34% |         117      3.00%     61.33% |         115      2.94%     64.28% |         112      2.87%     67.14% |         117      3.00%     70.14% |         115      2.94%     73.09% |         114      2.92%     76.01% |         114      2.92%     78.92% |         118      3.02%     81.95% |         117      3.00%     84.94% |         118      3.02%     87.96% |         119      3.05%     91.01% |         117      3.00%     94.01% |         122      3.12%     97.13% |         112      2.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         3905                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         596     96.91%     96.91% |           3      0.49%     97.40% |           2      0.33%     97.72% |           1      0.16%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |           1      0.16%     98.05% |           0      0.00%     98.05% |           1      0.16%     98.21% |           4      0.65%     98.86% |           4      0.65%     99.51% |           3      0.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total          615                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         596     13.47%     13.47% |         159      3.59%     17.06% |         155      3.50%     20.56% |         155      3.50%     24.06% |         110      2.49%     26.55% |         110      2.49%     29.03% |         110      2.49%     31.52% |         110      2.49%     34.00% |         110      2.49%     36.49% |         110      2.49%     38.97% |         110      2.49%     41.46% |         110      2.49%     43.94% |         113      2.55%     46.50% |         110      2.49%     48.98% |         111      2.51%     51.49% |         110      2.49%     53.98% |         110      2.49%     56.46% |         200      4.52%     60.98% |         201      4.54%     65.52% |         201      4.54%     70.06% |         110      2.49%     72.55% |         110      2.49%     75.03% |         112      2.53%     77.56% |         110      2.49%     80.05% |         110      2.49%     82.54% |         111      2.51%     85.04% |         110      2.49%     87.53% |         110      2.49%     90.01% |         112      2.53%     92.54% |         110      2.49%     95.03% |         110      2.49%     97.51% |         110      2.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         4426                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1107      5.68%      5.68% |         571      2.93%      8.61% |         578      2.96%     11.57% |         591      3.03%     14.60% |         581      2.98%     17.58% |         570      2.92%     20.51% |         562      2.88%     23.39% |         592      3.04%     26.43% |         587      3.01%     29.44% |         575      2.95%     32.39% |         614      3.15%     35.54% |         623      3.20%     38.73% |         621      3.19%     41.92% |         612      3.14%     45.06% |         597      3.06%     48.12% |         627      3.22%     51.34% |         610      3.13%     54.47% |         623      3.20%     57.66% |         582      2.99%     60.65% |         591      3.03%     63.68% |         569      2.92%     66.60% |         582      2.99%     69.58% |         564      2.89%     72.47% |         598      3.07%     75.54% |         601      3.08%     78.63% |         599      3.07%     81.70% |         592      3.04%     84.73% |         597      3.06%     87.80% |         572      2.93%     90.73% |         595      3.05%     93.78% |         580      2.98%     96.76% |         632      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        19495                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |         816     19.16%     19.16% |         115      2.70%     21.86% |         112      2.63%     24.50% |         111      2.61%     27.10% |         110      2.58%     29.69% |         110      2.58%     32.27% |         110      2.58%     34.85% |         110      2.58%     37.44% |         110      2.58%     40.02% |         110      2.58%     42.60% |         110      2.58%     45.19% |         110      2.58%     47.77% |         114      2.68%     50.45% |         110      2.58%     53.03% |         111      2.61%     55.64% |         110      2.58%     58.22% |         111      2.61%     60.83% |         114      2.68%     63.50% |         115      2.70%     66.20% |         114      2.68%     68.88% |         110      2.58%     71.47% |         110      2.58%     74.05% |         112      2.63%     76.68% |         110      2.58%     79.26% |         110      2.58%     81.85% |         111      2.61%     84.45% |         110      2.58%     87.04% |         110      2.58%     89.62% |         112      2.63%     92.25% |         110      2.58%     94.83% |         110      2.58%     97.42% |         110      2.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         4258                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       77781      7.11%      7.11% |       33353      3.05%     10.16% |       32636      2.98%     13.14% |       32838      3.00%     16.14% |       33065      3.02%     19.17% |       31988      2.92%     22.09% |       31918      2.92%     25.01% |       31648      2.89%     27.90% |       33906      3.10%     31.00% |       32318      2.95%     33.95% |       34257      3.13%     37.09% |       33111      3.03%     40.11% |       32655      2.99%     43.10% |       31704      2.90%     46.00% |       31737      2.90%     48.90% |       31663      2.89%     51.79% |       34229      3.13%     54.92% |       32078      2.93%     57.85% |       32933      3.01%     60.86% |       32529      2.97%     63.84% |       32989      3.02%     66.85% |       32435      2.96%     69.82% |       32972      3.01%     72.83% |       31994      2.92%     75.76% |       33602      3.07%     78.83% |       32300      2.95%     81.78% |       32800      3.00%     84.78% |       31794      2.91%     87.68% |       33122      3.03%     90.71% |       31865      2.91%     93.62% |       34234      3.13%     96.75% |       35511      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1093965                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.11%     11.11% |          52      3.14%     14.25% |          46      2.78%     17.03% |          48      2.90%     19.93% |          46      2.78%     22.71% |          46      2.78%     25.48% |          48      2.90%     28.38% |          48      2.90%     31.28% |          48      2.90%     34.18% |          48      2.90%     37.08% |          46      2.78%     39.86% |          48      2.90%     42.75% |          46      2.78%     45.53% |          46      2.78%     48.31% |          46      2.78%     51.09% |          46      2.78%     53.86% |          46      2.78%     56.64% |          48      2.90%     59.54% |          48      2.90%     62.44% |          48      2.90%     65.34% |          48      2.90%     68.24% |          50      3.02%     71.26% |          48      2.90%     74.15% |          46      2.78%     76.93% |          46      2.78%     79.71% |          50      3.02%     82.73% |          50      3.02%     85.75% |          46      2.78%     88.53% |          46      2.78%     91.30% |          48      2.90%     94.20% |          48      2.90%     97.10% |          48      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1656                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         428      3.21%      3.21% |         382      2.87%      6.08% |         404      3.03%      9.11% |         400      3.00%     12.11% |         419      3.14%     15.25% |         394      2.96%     18.20% |         399      2.99%     21.20% |         414      3.11%     24.30% |         401      3.01%     27.31% |         406      3.05%     30.35% |         425      3.19%     33.54% |         424      3.18%     36.72% |         454      3.41%     40.13% |         440      3.30%     43.43% |         426      3.20%     46.62% |         428      3.21%     49.83% |         434      3.26%     53.09% |         442      3.32%     56.40% |         413      3.10%     59.50% |         393      2.95%     62.45% |         401      3.01%     65.45% |         418      3.14%     68.59% |         395      2.96%     71.55% |         401      3.01%     74.56% |         433      3.25%     77.81% |         433      3.25%     81.05% |         436      3.27%     84.32% |         417      3.13%     87.45% |         410      3.08%     90.53% |         433      3.25%     93.77% |         423      3.17%     96.95% |         407      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13333                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       24111      3.62%      3.62% |       20748      3.12%      6.74% |       20773      3.12%      9.86% |       20726      3.12%     12.98% |       20684      3.11%     16.09% |       20675      3.11%     19.20% |       20676      3.11%     22.30% |       20689      3.11%     25.41% |       20692      3.11%     28.52% |       20719      3.11%     31.64% |       20749      3.12%     34.75% |       20697      3.11%     37.87% |       20677      3.11%     40.97% |       20678      3.11%     44.08% |       20680      3.11%     47.19% |       20681      3.11%     50.30% |       20675      3.11%     53.40% |       20677      3.11%     56.51% |       20675      3.11%     59.62% |       20691      3.11%     62.73% |       20667      3.11%     65.84% |       20651      3.10%     68.94% |       20675      3.11%     72.05% |       20679      3.11%     75.15% |       20679      3.11%     78.26% |       20686      3.11%     81.37% |       20652      3.10%     84.47% |       20654      3.10%     87.58% |       20668      3.11%     90.69% |       20639      3.10%     93.79% |       20624      3.10%     96.89% |       20712      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       665359                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        6001      3.16%      3.16% |        5932      3.12%      6.28% |        5938      3.12%      9.40% |        5948      3.13%     12.53% |        5947      3.13%     15.65% |        5948      3.13%     18.78% |        5940      3.12%     21.90% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5946      3.13%     28.15% |        5944      3.13%     31.27% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5949      3.13%     37.52% |        5937      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.13%     53.13% |        5945      3.13%     56.25% |        5945      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.13%     65.63% |        5952      3.13%     68.76% |        5932      3.12%     71.88% |        5940      3.12%     75.00% |        5947      3.13%     78.13% |        5943      3.13%     81.25% |        5951      3.13%     84.38% |        5940      3.12%     87.51% |        5939      3.12%     90.63% |        5943      3.13%     93.75% |        5948      3.13%     96.88% |        5928      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       190163                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3421      3.09%      3.09% |        3392      3.07%      6.16% |        3072      2.78%      8.93% |        3091      2.79%     11.73% |        3169      2.86%     14.59% |        3570      3.23%     17.82% |        3352      3.03%     20.85% |        2852      2.58%     23.42% |        3126      2.83%     26.25% |        4741      4.28%     30.53% |        3479      3.14%     33.68% |        3394      3.07%     36.75% |        3020      2.73%     39.48% |        3904      3.53%     43.00% |        3469      3.14%     46.14% |        3312      2.99%     49.13% |        3726      3.37%     52.50% |        3739      3.38%     55.88% |        3126      2.83%     58.70% |        2866      2.59%     61.29% |        2682      2.42%     63.72% |        3298      2.98%     66.70% |        3136      2.83%     69.53% |        3002      2.71%     72.25% |        3205      2.90%     75.14% |        3311      2.99%     78.14% |        2845      2.57%     80.71% |        4320      3.90%     84.61% |        3545      3.20%     87.82% |        4793      4.33%     92.15% |        4645      4.20%     96.35% |        4044      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110647                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1214     42.99%     42.99% |         213      7.54%     50.53% |         183      6.48%     57.01% |         189      6.69%     63.70% |          14      0.50%     64.20% |         248      8.78%     72.98% |          14      0.50%     73.48% |           5      0.18%     73.65% |           3      0.11%     73.76% |           1      0.04%     73.80% |          16      0.57%     74.36% |           4      0.14%     74.50% |           1      0.04%     74.54% |           1      0.04%     74.58% |          39      1.38%     75.96% |          16      0.57%     76.52% |           9      0.32%     76.84% |         179      6.34%     83.18% |         233      8.25%     91.43% |         182      6.44%     97.88% |           1      0.04%     97.91% |          15      0.53%     98.44% |          10      0.35%     98.80% |           2      0.07%     98.87% |           5      0.18%     99.04% |           1      0.04%     99.08% |           2      0.07%     99.15% |           8      0.28%     99.43% |           3      0.11%     99.54% |           2      0.07%     99.61% |           3      0.11%     99.72% |           8      0.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2824                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |          72     70.59%     70.59% |           6      5.88%     76.47% |           2      1.96%     78.43% |           5      4.90%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      0.98%     84.31% |           1      0.98%     85.29% |           0      0.00%     85.29% |           0      0.00%     85.29% |           1      0.98%     86.27% |           0      0.00%     86.27% |           0      0.00%     86.27% |           5      4.90%     91.18% |           0      0.00%     91.18% |           0      0.00%     91.18% |           0      0.00%     91.18% |           0      0.00%     91.18% |           0      0.00%     91.18% |           3      2.94%     94.12% |           1      0.98%     95.10% |           0      0.00%     95.10% |           0      0.00%     95.10% |           0      0.00%     95.10% |           0      0.00%     95.10% |           1      0.98%     96.08% |           0      0.00%     96.08% |           1      0.98%     97.06% |           1      0.98%     98.04% |           2      1.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total          102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |         131     87.33%     87.33% |           0      0.00%     87.33% |           1      0.67%     88.00% |           1      0.67%     88.67% |           0      0.00%     88.67% |           0      0.00%     88.67% |           0      0.00%     88.67% |           0      0.00%     88.67% |           0      0.00%     88.67% |           0      0.00%     88.67% |           0      0.00%     88.67% |           0      0.00%     88.67% |           0      0.00%     88.67% |           0      0.00%     88.67% |           2      1.33%     90.00% |           1      0.67%     90.67% |           0      0.00%     90.67% |           0      0.00%     90.67% |           7      4.67%     95.33% |           1      0.67%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           1      0.67%     96.67% |           0      0.00%     96.67% |           2      1.33%     98.00% |           1      0.67%     98.67% |           1      0.67%     99.33% |           1      0.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total          150                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          94      2.66%      2.66% |         114      3.22%      5.88% |         111      3.14%      9.01% |         112      3.16%     12.18% |         110      3.11%     15.29% |         113      3.19%     18.48% |         110      3.11%     21.59% |         110      3.11%     24.70% |         110      3.11%     27.80% |         111      3.14%     30.94% |         110      3.11%     34.05% |         110      3.11%     37.16% |         115      3.25%     40.41% |         110      3.11%     43.52% |         112      3.16%     46.68% |         111      3.14%     49.82% |         110      3.11%     52.92% |         111      3.14%     56.06% |         112      3.16%     59.23% |         112      3.16%     62.39% |         110      3.11%     65.50% |         111      3.14%     68.64% |         112      3.16%     71.80% |         110      3.11%     74.91% |         111      3.14%     78.04% |         111      3.14%     81.18% |         110      3.11%     84.29% |         111      3.14%     87.43% |         114      3.22%     90.65% |         110      3.11%     93.76% |         110      3.11%     96.86% |         111      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total         3539                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         886      6.42%      6.42% |         385      2.79%      9.21% |         406      2.94%     12.16% |         400      2.90%     15.06% |         419      3.04%     18.09% |         396      2.87%     20.96% |         400      2.90%     23.86% |         413      2.99%     26.86% |         399      2.89%     29.75% |         404      2.93%     32.68% |         426      3.09%     35.77% |         426      3.09%     38.85% |         450      3.26%     42.12% |         439      3.18%     45.30% |         425      3.08%     48.38% |         427      3.10%     51.48% |         435      3.15%     54.63% |         445      3.23%     57.85% |         419      3.04%     60.89% |         398      2.89%     63.78% |         399      2.89%     66.67% |         417      3.02%     69.69% |         395      2.86%     72.56% |         401      2.91%     75.46% |         433      3.14%     78.60% |         433      3.14%     81.74% |         436      3.16%     84.90% |         416      3.02%     87.92% |         408      2.96%     90.87% |         432      3.13%     94.01% |         420      3.04%     97.05% |         407      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13795                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      5.83%      5.83% |           9      8.74%     14.56% |           4      3.88%     18.45% |           7      6.80%     25.24% |           2      1.94%     27.18% |           7      6.80%     33.98% |           4      3.88%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           2      1.94%     39.81% |           2      1.94%     41.75% |           2      1.94%     43.69% |           4      3.88%     47.57% |           0      0.00%     47.57% |           4      3.88%     51.46% |           2      1.94%     53.40% |           1      0.97%     54.37% |           0      0.00%     54.37% |          12     11.65%     66.02% |           5      4.85%     70.87% |           1      0.97%     71.84% |           2      1.94%     73.79% |           2      1.94%     75.73% |           2      1.94%     77.67% |           4      3.88%     81.55% |           1      0.97%     82.52% |           3      2.91%     85.44% |           2      1.94%     87.38% |           5      4.85%     92.23% |           3      2.91%     95.15% |           1      0.97%     96.12% |           4      3.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          103                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       38834     29.49%     29.49% |        3766      2.86%     32.35% |        2624      1.99%     34.34% |        3431      2.61%     36.95% |        3002      2.28%     39.23% |        2474      1.88%     41.11% |        2286      1.74%     42.84% |        2344      1.78%     44.63% |        3772      2.86%     47.49% |        2837      2.15%     49.64% |        4201      3.19%     52.83% |        3725      2.83%     55.66% |        2756      2.09%     57.76% |        2490      1.89%     59.65% |        2008      1.52%     61.17% |        2399      1.82%     62.99% |        4347      3.30%     66.30% |        2773      2.11%     68.40% |        2911      2.21%     70.61% |        2962      2.25%     72.86% |        2890      2.19%     75.06% |        2846      2.16%     77.22% |        2731      2.07%     79.29% |        2501      1.90%     81.19% |        3610      2.74%     83.93% |        2819      2.14%     86.07% |        2588      1.97%     88.04% |        2146      1.63%     89.67% |        2732      2.07%     91.74% |        2320      1.76%     93.51% |        3105      2.36%     95.86% |        5447      4.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       131677                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        8520      8.22%      8.22% |        2811      2.71%     10.94% |        3209      3.10%     14.03% |        2639      2.55%     16.58% |        3341      3.22%     19.81% |        2799      2.70%     22.51% |        2924      2.82%     25.33% |        2597      2.51%     27.84% |        3405      3.29%     31.12% |        2726      2.63%     33.75% |        3287      3.17%     36.93% |        2649      2.56%     39.48% |        3189      3.08%     42.56% |        2511      2.42%     44.98% |        3024      2.92%     47.90% |        2559      2.47%     50.37% |        3170      3.06%     53.43% |        2594      2.50%     55.94% |        3303      3.19%     59.12% |        2848      2.75%     61.87% |        3398      3.28%     65.15% |        2895      2.79%     67.95% |        3543      3.42%     71.37% |        2783      2.69%     74.05% |        3274      3.16%     77.21% |        2761      2.66%     79.88% |        3516      3.39%     83.27% |        2962      2.86%     86.13% |        3692      3.56%     89.69% |        2875      2.77%     92.47% |        4469      4.31%     96.78% |        3336      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       103609                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        9223      4.30%      4.30% |        6610      3.08%      7.39% |        6630      3.09%     10.48% |        6621      3.09%     13.57% |        6603      3.08%     16.65% |        6610      3.08%     19.73% |        6622      3.09%     22.82% |        6614      3.09%     25.91% |        6628      3.09%     29.00% |        6629      3.09%     32.09% |        6633      3.09%     35.19% |        6630      3.09%     38.28% |        6611      3.08%     41.36% |        6619      3.09%     44.45% |        6611      3.08%     47.54% |        6613      3.09%     50.62% |        6640      3.10%     53.72% |        6614      3.09%     56.81% |        6628      3.09%     59.90% |        6615      3.09%     62.98% |        6615      3.09%     66.07% |        6633      3.09%     69.16% |        6618      3.09%     72.25% |        6614      3.09%     75.34% |        6622      3.09%     78.43% |        6619      3.09%     81.51% |        6617      3.09%     84.60% |        6609      3.08%     87.68% |        6611      3.08%     90.77% |        6600      3.08%     93.85% |        6596      3.08%     96.93% |        6591      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       214349                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       19091      3.18%      3.18% |       18825      3.13%      6.31% |       18849      3.14%      9.44% |       18803      3.13%     12.57% |       18794      3.13%     15.70% |       18768      3.12%     18.82% |       18780      3.12%     21.94% |       18769      3.12%     25.06% |       18767      3.12%     28.18% |       18812      3.13%     31.31% |       18803      3.13%     34.44% |       18765      3.12%     37.56% |       18785      3.12%     40.69% |       18773      3.12%     43.81% |       18780      3.12%     46.93% |       18753      3.12%     50.05% |       18756      3.12%     53.17% |       18776      3.12%     56.29% |       18769      3.12%     59.42% |       18763      3.12%     62.54% |       18777      3.12%     65.66% |       18750      3.12%     68.78% |       18769      3.12%     71.90% |       18757      3.12%     75.02% |       18785      3.12%     78.15% |       18788      3.13%     81.27% |       18774      3.12%     84.39% |       18750      3.12%     87.51% |       18780      3.12%     90.64% |       18765      3.12%     93.76% |       18759      3.12%     96.88% |       18774      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       601209                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |         816     19.16%     19.16% |         115      2.70%     21.86% |         112      2.63%     24.50% |         111      2.61%     27.10% |         110      2.58%     29.69% |         110      2.58%     32.27% |         110      2.58%     34.85% |         110      2.58%     37.44% |         110      2.58%     40.02% |         110      2.58%     42.60% |         110      2.58%     45.19% |         110      2.58%     47.77% |         114      2.68%     50.45% |         110      2.58%     53.03% |         111      2.61%     55.64% |         110      2.58%     58.22% |         111      2.61%     60.83% |         114      2.68%     63.50% |         115      2.70%     66.20% |         114      2.68%     68.88% |         110      2.58%     71.47% |         110      2.58%     74.05% |         112      2.63%     76.68% |         110      2.58%     79.26% |         110      2.58%     81.85% |         111      2.61%     84.45% |         110      2.58%     87.04% |         110      2.58%     89.62% |         112      2.63%     92.25% |         110      2.58%     94.83% |         110      2.58%     97.42% |         110      2.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         4258                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         112      3.84%      3.84% |          91      3.12%      6.96% |          91      3.12%     10.08% |          91      3.12%     13.20% |          91      3.12%     16.32% |          91      3.12%     19.44% |          91      3.12%     22.56% |          91      3.12%     25.68% |          91      3.12%     28.80% |          91      3.12%     31.92% |          91      3.12%     35.04% |          91      3.12%     38.16% |          91      3.12%     41.28% |          91      3.12%     44.39% |          91      3.12%     47.51% |          91      3.12%     50.63% |          91      3.12%     53.75% |          91      3.12%     56.87% |          91      3.12%     59.99% |          91      3.12%     63.11% |          91      3.12%     66.23% |          91      3.12%     69.35% |          91      3.12%     72.47% |          91      3.12%     75.59% |          91      3.12%     78.71% |          91      3.12%     81.83% |          91      3.12%     84.95% |          91      3.12%     88.07% |          87      2.98%     91.05% |          87      2.98%     94.03% |          87      2.98%     97.02% |          87      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total         2917                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       76485      7.11%      7.11% |       32810      3.05%     10.16% |       32103      2.98%     13.14% |       32287      3.00%     16.14% |       32530      3.02%     19.16% |       31444      2.92%     22.08% |       31402      2.92%     25.00% |       31109      2.89%     27.89% |       33360      3.10%     30.99% |       31792      2.95%     33.95% |       33711      3.13%     37.08% |       32560      3.03%     40.11% |       32132      2.99%     43.09% |       31178      2.90%     45.99% |       31211      2.90%     48.89% |       31111      2.89%     51.78% |       33701      3.13%     54.91% |       31544      2.93%     57.84% |       32411      3.01%     60.85% |       31980      2.97%     63.83% |       32469      3.02%     66.84% |       31914      2.97%     69.81% |       32449      3.02%     72.82% |       31442      2.92%     75.75% |       33083      3.07%     78.82% |       31777      2.95%     81.77% |       32286      3.00%     84.77% |       31258      2.90%     87.68% |       32610      3.03%     90.71% |       31349      2.91%     93.62% |       33717      3.13%     96.75% |       34939      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1076154                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      2.42%      2.42% |           5      4.03%      6.45% |           5      4.03%     10.48% |           3      2.42%     12.90% |           3      2.42%     15.32% |           5      4.03%     19.35% |           5      4.03%     23.39% |           3      2.42%     25.81% |           4      3.23%     29.03% |           1      0.81%     29.84% |           3      2.42%     32.26% |           2      1.61%     33.87% |           2      1.61%     35.48% |           2      1.61%     37.10% |           4      3.23%     40.32% |           5      4.03%     44.35% |           3      2.42%     46.77% |           2      1.61%     48.39% |           2      1.61%     50.00% |           3      2.42%     52.42% |           3      2.42%     54.84% |           4      3.23%     58.06% |           4      3.23%     61.29% |           7      5.65%     66.94% |           4      3.23%     70.16% |           3      2.42%     72.58% |           4      3.23%     75.81% |           4      3.23%     79.03% |           6      4.84%     83.87% |           5      4.03%     87.90% |           7      5.65%     93.55% |           8      6.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          124                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         127      5.66%      5.66% |          73      3.25%      8.92% |          67      2.99%     11.90% |          87      3.88%     15.78% |          74      3.30%     19.08% |          78      3.48%     22.56% |          50      2.23%     24.79% |          73      3.25%     28.04% |          83      3.70%     31.74% |          64      2.85%     34.60% |          81      3.61%     38.21% |          89      3.97%     42.18% |          58      2.59%     44.76% |          62      2.76%     47.53% |          59      2.63%     50.16% |          85      3.79%     53.95% |          64      2.85%     56.80% |          68      3.03%     59.83% |          55      2.45%     62.28% |          82      3.66%     65.94% |          59      2.63%     68.57% |          57      2.54%     71.11% |          56      2.50%     73.61% |          84      3.74%     77.35% |          57      2.54%     79.89% |          59      2.63%     82.52% |          49      2.18%     84.71% |          74      3.30%     88.01% |          51      2.27%     90.28% |          55      2.45%     92.73% |          55      2.45%     95.19% |         108      4.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2243                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     24.24%     24.24% |           0      0.00%     24.24% |           0      0.00%     24.24% |           0      0.00%     24.24% |           0      0.00%     24.24% |           0      0.00%     24.24% |           0      0.00%     24.24% |           0      0.00%     24.24% |           8     24.24%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |          12     36.36%     84.85% |           2      6.06%     90.91% |           3      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           33                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           7     36.84%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |          10     52.63%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           1      5.26%     94.74% |           0      0.00%     94.74% |           1      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       29516      3.53%      3.53% |       26038      3.11%      6.64% |       26091      3.12%      9.77% |       26050      3.12%     12.88% |       26026      3.11%     15.99% |       25993      3.11%     19.10% |       25991      3.11%     22.21% |       26006      3.11%     25.32% |       26015      3.11%     28.43% |       26045      3.12%     31.55% |       26079      3.12%     34.67% |       26046      3.12%     37.78% |       26044      3.11%     40.90% |       26028      3.11%     44.01% |       26014      3.11%     47.12% |       26017      3.11%     50.23% |       26031      3.11%     53.35% |       26040      3.11%     56.46% |       26009      3.11%     59.57% |       25997      3.11%     62.68% |       25987      3.11%     65.79% |       25997      3.11%     68.90% |       25978      3.11%     72.01% |       25996      3.11%     75.12% |       26035      3.11%     78.23% |       26038      3.11%     81.34% |       26015      3.11%     84.46% |       25986      3.11%     87.56% |       25993      3.11%     90.67% |       25991      3.11%     93.78% |       25971      3.11%     96.89% |       26023      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       836086                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          56     59.57%     59.57% |           2      2.13%     61.70% |           3      3.19%     64.89% |           1      1.06%     65.96% |           1      1.06%     67.02% |           1      1.06%     68.09% |           2      2.13%     70.21% |           0      0.00%     70.21% |           1      1.06%     71.28% |           0      0.00%     71.28% |           1      1.06%     72.34% |           1      1.06%     73.40% |           1      1.06%     74.47% |           0      0.00%     74.47% |           1      1.06%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           1      1.06%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           2      2.13%     78.72% |           1      1.06%     79.79% |           2      2.13%     81.91% |           1      1.06%     82.98% |           1      1.06%     84.04% |           2      2.13%     86.17% |           2      2.13%     88.30% |           3      3.19%     91.49% |           3      3.19%     94.68% |           5      5.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           94                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      3.49%      3.49% |           3      3.49%      6.98% |           2      2.33%      9.30% |           2      2.33%     11.63% |           2      2.33%     13.95% |           4      4.65%     18.60% |           3      3.49%     22.09% |           3      3.49%     25.58% |           3      3.49%     29.07% |           1      1.16%     30.23% |           2      2.33%     32.56% |           1      1.16%     33.72% |           1      1.16%     34.88% |           2      2.33%     37.21% |           3      3.49%     40.70% |           5      5.81%     46.51% |           3      3.49%     50.00% |           2      2.33%     52.33% |           1      1.16%     53.49% |           3      3.49%     56.98% |           3      3.49%     60.47% |           2      2.33%     62.79% |           3      3.49%     66.28% |           5      5.81%     72.09% |           3      3.49%     75.58% |           2      2.33%     77.91% |           2      2.33%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           3      3.49%     86.05% |           2      2.33%     88.37% |           2      2.33%     90.70% |           8      9.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     80.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          12     80.00%     80.00% |           3     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           15                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           3      1.79%      1.79% |           4      2.38%      4.17% |           8      4.76%      8.93% |          10      5.95%     14.88% |          24     14.29%     29.17% |          21     12.50%     41.67% |           1      0.60%     42.26% |           7      4.17%     46.43% |           8      4.76%     51.19% |           5      2.98%     54.17% |           5      2.98%     57.14% |           3      1.79%     58.93% |           3      1.79%     60.71% |           1      0.60%     61.31% |           2      1.19%     62.50% |           1      0.60%     63.10% |           2      1.19%     64.29% |           3      1.79%     66.07% |           5      2.98%     69.05% |           4      2.38%     71.43% |           2      1.19%     72.62% |           5      2.98%     75.60% |           2      1.19%     76.79% |           2      1.19%     77.98% |           3      1.79%     79.76% |           6      3.57%     83.33% |           5      2.98%     86.31% |           6      3.57%     89.88% |           4      2.38%     92.26% |           4      2.38%     94.64% |           7      4.17%     98.81% |           2      1.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          168                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         124      5.98%      5.98% |          69      3.33%      9.30% |          59      2.84%     12.14% |          77      3.71%     15.86% |          50      2.41%     18.27% |          57      2.75%     21.01% |          49      2.36%     23.37% |          66      3.18%     26.55% |          75      3.61%     30.17% |          59      2.84%     33.01% |          76      3.66%     36.67% |          86      4.14%     40.82% |          55      2.65%     43.47% |          61      2.94%     46.41% |          57      2.75%     49.16% |          84      4.05%     53.20% |          62      2.99%     56.19% |          65      3.13%     59.33% |          50      2.41%     61.73% |          78      3.76%     65.49% |          57      2.75%     68.24% |          52      2.51%     70.75% |          54      2.60%     73.35% |          82      3.95%     77.30% |          54      2.60%     79.90% |          53      2.55%     82.46% |          44      2.12%     84.58% |          68      3.28%     87.86% |          47      2.27%     90.12% |          51      2.46%     92.58% |          48      2.31%     94.89% |         106      5.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         2075                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         474     56.70%     56.70% |          47      5.62%     62.32% |          45      5.38%     67.70% |          45      5.38%     73.09% |           0      0.00%     73.09% |           0      0.00%     73.09% |           0      0.00%     73.09% |           0      0.00%     73.09% |           0      0.00%     73.09% |           0      0.00%     73.09% |           0      0.00%     73.09% |           0      0.00%     73.09% |           0      0.00%     73.09% |           0      0.00%     73.09% |           0      0.00%     73.09% |           0      0.00%     73.09% |           0      0.00%     73.09% |          75      8.97%     82.06% |          75      8.97%     91.03% |          75      8.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total          836                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         886      6.42%      6.42% |         385      2.79%      9.21% |         406      2.94%     12.16% |         400      2.90%     15.06% |         419      3.04%     18.09% |         396      2.87%     20.96% |         400      2.90%     23.86% |         413      2.99%     26.86% |         399      2.89%     29.75% |         404      2.93%     32.68% |         426      3.09%     35.77% |         426      3.09%     38.85% |         450      3.26%     42.12% |         439      3.18%     45.30% |         425      3.08%     48.38% |         427      3.10%     51.48% |         435      3.15%     54.63% |         445      3.23%     57.85% |         419      3.04%     60.89% |         398      2.89%     63.78% |         399      2.89%     66.67% |         417      3.02%     69.69% |         395      2.86%     72.56% |         401      2.91%     75.46% |         433      3.14%     78.60% |         433      3.14%     81.74% |         436      3.16%     84.90% |         416      3.02%     87.92% |         408      2.96%     90.87% |         432      3.13%     94.01% |         420      3.04%     97.05% |         407      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13795                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |         122      3.40%      3.40% |         112      3.12%      6.52% |         110      3.06%      9.58% |         110      3.06%     12.65% |         110      3.06%     15.71% |         110      3.06%     18.77% |         110      3.06%     21.84% |         110      3.06%     24.90% |         110      3.06%     27.97% |         110      3.06%     31.03% |         110      3.06%     34.09% |         110      3.06%     37.16% |         113      3.15%     40.31% |         110      3.06%     43.37% |         111      3.09%     46.46% |         110      3.06%     49.53% |         110      3.06%     52.59% |         125      3.48%     56.07% |         126      3.51%     59.58% |         126      3.51%     63.09% |         110      3.06%     66.16% |         110      3.06%     69.22% |         112      3.12%     72.34% |         110      3.06%     75.40% |         110      3.06%     78.47% |         111      3.09%     81.56% |         110      3.06%     84.62% |         110      3.06%     87.69% |         112      3.12%     90.81% |         110      3.06%     93.87% |         110      3.06%     96.94% |         110      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total         3590                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          94      2.66%      2.66% |         114      3.22%      5.88% |         111      3.14%      9.01% |         112      3.16%     12.18% |         110      3.11%     15.29% |         113      3.19%     18.48% |         110      3.11%     21.59% |         110      3.11%     24.70% |         110      3.11%     27.80% |         111      3.14%     30.94% |         110      3.11%     34.05% |         110      3.11%     37.16% |         115      3.25%     40.41% |         110      3.11%     43.52% |         112      3.16%     46.68% |         111      3.14%     49.82% |         110      3.11%     52.92% |         111      3.14%     56.06% |         112      3.16%     59.23% |         112      3.16%     62.39% |         110      3.11%     65.50% |         111      3.14%     68.64% |         112      3.16%     71.80% |         110      3.11%     74.91% |         111      3.14%     78.04% |         111      3.14%     81.18% |         110      3.11%     84.29% |         111      3.14%     87.43% |         114      3.22%     90.65% |         110      3.11%     93.76% |         110      3.11%     96.86% |         111      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total         3539                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      8.33%      8.33% |           2     16.67%     25.00% |           3     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     16.67%     66.67% |           2     16.67%     83.33% |           2     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       24111      3.62%      3.62% |       20747      3.12%      6.74% |       20771      3.12%      9.86% |       20723      3.11%     12.98% |       20684      3.11%     16.09% |       20675      3.11%     19.19% |       20676      3.11%     22.30% |       20689      3.11%     25.41% |       20692      3.11%     28.52% |       20719      3.11%     31.64% |       20749      3.12%     34.75% |       20697      3.11%     37.86% |       20677      3.11%     40.97% |       20678      3.11%     44.08% |       20680      3.11%     47.19% |       20681      3.11%     50.30% |       20675      3.11%     53.40% |       20675      3.11%     56.51% |       20673      3.11%     59.62% |       20689      3.11%     62.73% |       20667      3.11%     65.83% |       20651      3.10%     68.94% |       20675      3.11%     72.05% |       20679      3.11%     75.15% |       20679      3.11%     78.26% |       20686      3.11%     81.37% |       20652      3.10%     84.47% |       20654      3.10%     87.58% |       20668      3.11%     90.69% |       20639      3.10%     93.79% |       20624      3.10%     96.89% |       20712      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       665347                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          13     48.15%     48.15% |          13     48.15%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           1      3.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         428      3.21%      3.21% |         383      2.87%      6.08% |         406      3.04%      9.12% |         403      3.02%     12.14% |         419      3.14%     15.28% |         394      2.95%     18.23% |         399      2.99%     21.22% |         414      3.10%     24.33% |         401      3.01%     27.33% |         406      3.04%     30.37% |         425      3.18%     33.56% |         424      3.18%     36.74% |         454      3.40%     40.14% |         440      3.30%     43.44% |         426      3.19%     46.63% |         428      3.21%     49.84% |         434      3.25%     53.09% |         444      3.33%     56.41% |         415      3.11%     59.52% |         395      2.96%     62.49% |         401      3.01%     65.49% |         418      3.13%     68.62% |         395      2.96%     71.58% |         401      3.01%     74.59% |         433      3.24%     77.83% |         433      3.24%     81.08% |         436      3.27%     84.35% |         416      3.12%     87.46% |         410      3.07%     90.54% |         433      3.24%     93.78% |         423      3.17%     96.95% |         407      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13344                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        6001      3.16%      3.16% |        5932      3.12%      6.28% |        5938      3.12%      9.40% |        5948      3.13%     12.53% |        5947      3.13%     15.65% |        5948      3.13%     18.78% |        5940      3.12%     21.90% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5946      3.13%     28.15% |        5944      3.13%     31.27% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5949      3.13%     37.52% |        5937      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.13%     53.13% |        5945      3.13%     56.25% |        5945      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.13%     65.63% |        5952      3.13%     68.76% |        5932      3.12%     71.88% |        5940      3.12%     75.00% |        5947      3.13%     78.13% |        5943      3.13%     81.25% |        5951      3.13%     84.38% |        5940      3.12%     87.51% |        5939      3.12%     90.63% |        5943      3.13%     93.75% |        5948      3.13%     96.88% |        5928      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       190163                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |         203     80.56%     80.56% |           6      2.38%     82.94% |           3      1.19%     84.13% |           6      2.38%     86.51% |           0      0.00%     86.51% |           1      0.40%     86.90% |           1      0.40%     87.30% |           0      0.00%     87.30% |           0      0.00%     87.30% |           1      0.40%     87.70% |           0      0.00%     87.70% |           0      0.00%     87.70% |           5      1.98%     89.68% |           0      0.00%     89.68% |           2      0.79%     90.48% |           1      0.40%     90.87% |           0      0.00%     90.87% |           0      0.00%     90.87% |          10      3.97%     94.84% |           2      0.79%     95.63% |           0      0.00%     95.63% |           0      0.00%     95.63% |           0      0.00%     95.63% |           0      0.00%     95.63% |           1      0.40%     96.03% |           0      0.00%     96.03% |           2      0.79%     96.83% |           1      0.40%     97.22% |           4      1.59%     98.81% |           1      0.40%     99.21% |           1      0.40%     99.60% |           1      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total          252                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           3     42.86%     57.14% |           3     42.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       77578      7.09%      7.09% |       33347      3.05%     10.14% |       32633      2.98%     13.13% |       32832      3.00%     16.13% |       33065      3.02%     19.15% |       31987      2.92%     22.08% |       31917      2.92%     24.99% |       31648      2.89%     27.89% |       33906      3.10%     30.99% |       32317      2.95%     33.94% |       34257      3.13%     37.07% |       33111      3.03%     40.10% |       32650      2.99%     43.09% |       31704      2.90%     45.99% |       31735      2.90%     48.89% |       31662      2.89%     51.78% |       34229      3.13%     54.91% |       32078      2.93%     57.84% |       32923      3.01%     60.85% |       32527      2.97%     63.83% |       32989      3.02%     66.85% |       32435      2.97%     69.81% |       32972      3.01%     72.83% |       31994      2.93%     75.75% |       33601      3.07%     78.82% |       32300      2.95%     81.78% |       32798      3.00%     84.77% |       31793      2.91%     87.68% |       33118      3.03%     90.71% |       31864      2.91%     93.62% |       34233      3.13%     96.75% |       35510      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1093713                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           1      6.67%      6.67% |           5     33.33%     40.00% |           2     13.33%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           2     13.33%     66.67% |           2     13.33%     80.00% |           3     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total           15                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |         219      6.03%      6.03% |         112      3.08%      9.11% |         110      3.03%     12.14% |         106      2.92%     15.06% |         110      3.03%     18.09% |         110      3.03%     21.12% |         110      3.03%     24.15% |         110      3.03%     27.18% |         110      3.03%     30.20% |         110      3.03%     33.23% |         110      3.03%     36.26% |         108      2.97%     39.23% |         114      3.14%     42.37% |         110      3.03%     45.40% |         110      3.03%     48.43% |         110      3.03%     51.46% |         110      3.03%     54.49% |         110      3.03%     57.52% |         111      3.06%     60.57% |         111      3.06%     63.63% |         110      3.03%     66.66% |         110      3.03%     69.69% |         112      3.08%     72.77% |         110      3.03%     75.80% |         110      3.03%     78.83% |         110      3.03%     81.86% |         110      3.03%     84.88% |         110      3.03%     87.91% |         110      3.03%     90.94% |         109      3.00%     93.94% |         110      3.03%     96.97% |         110      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total         3632                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         594     96.90%     96.90% |           3      0.49%     97.39% |           2      0.33%     97.72% |           1      0.16%     97.88% |           0      0.00%     97.88% |           0      0.00%     97.88% |           0      0.00%     97.88% |           0      0.00%     97.88% |           0      0.00%     97.88% |           0      0.00%     97.88% |           0      0.00%     97.88% |           0      0.00%     97.88% |           0      0.00%     97.88% |           0      0.00%     97.88% |           1      0.16%     98.04% |           0      0.00%     98.04% |           1      0.16%     98.21% |           4      0.65%     98.86% |           4      0.65%     99.51% |           3      0.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total          613                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           3     23.08%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           4     30.77%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           2     15.38%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           1      7.69%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           2     15.38%     92.31% |           1      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           1      9.09%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           4     36.36%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           2     18.18%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      9.09%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           2     18.18%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |         813     19.15%     19.15% |         115      2.71%     21.86% |         112      2.64%     24.50% |         107      2.52%     27.02% |         110      2.59%     29.61% |         110      2.59%     32.20% |         110      2.59%     34.79% |         110      2.59%     37.39% |         110      2.59%     39.98% |         110      2.59%     42.57% |         110      2.59%     45.16% |         108      2.54%     47.70% |         114      2.69%     50.39% |         110      2.59%     52.98% |         111      2.61%     55.59% |         110      2.59%     58.19% |         111      2.61%     60.80% |         114      2.69%     63.49% |         115      2.71%     66.20% |         114      2.69%     68.88% |         110      2.59%     71.47% |         110      2.59%     74.06% |         112      2.64%     76.70% |         110      2.59%     79.29% |         110      2.59%     81.88% |         110      2.59%     84.48% |         110      2.59%     87.07% |         110      2.59%     89.66% |         110      2.59%     92.25% |         109      2.57%     94.82% |         110      2.59%     97.41% |         110      2.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         4245                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       75512      4.34%      4.34% |      870128     50.00%     54.34% |       56600      3.25%     57.59% |       50654      2.91%     60.50% |       49952      2.87%     63.37% |       50753      2.92%     66.29% |       49765      2.86%     69.15% |       50649      2.91%     72.06% |       48388      2.78%     74.84% |       48421      2.78%     77.62% |       48352      2.78%     80.40% |       48742      2.80%     83.20% |       49537      2.85%     86.05% |       48437      2.78%     88.83% |       47919      2.75%     91.58% |       48128      2.77%     94.35% |       48433      2.78%     97.13% |       49886      2.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1740256                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       75512      4.34%      4.34% |      870128     50.00%     54.34% |       56600      3.25%     57.59% |       50654      2.91%     60.50% |       49952      2.87%     63.37% |       50753      2.92%     66.29% |       49765      2.86%     69.15% |       50649      2.91%     72.06% |       48388      2.78%     74.84% |       48421      2.78%     77.62% |       48352      2.78%     80.40% |       48742      2.80%     83.20% |       49537      2.85%     86.05% |       48437      2.78%     88.83% |       47919      2.75%     91.58% |       48128      2.77%     94.35% |       48433      2.78%     97.13% |       49886      2.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1740256                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       75512      4.34%      4.34% |      870128     50.00%     54.34% |       56600      3.25%     57.59% |       50654      2.91%     60.50% |       49952      2.87%     63.37% |       50753      2.92%     66.29% |       49765      2.86%     69.15% |       50649      2.91%     72.06% |       48388      2.78%     74.84% |       48421      2.78%     77.62% |       48352      2.78%     80.40% |       48742      2.80%     83.20% |       49537      2.85%     86.05% |       48437      2.78%     88.83% |       47919      2.75%     91.58% |       48128      2.77%     94.35% |       48433      2.78%     97.13% |       49886      2.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1740256                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       75512      4.34%      4.34% |      870128     50.00%     54.34% |       56600      3.25%     57.59% |       50654      2.91%     60.50% |       49952      2.87%     63.37% |       50753      2.92%     66.29% |       49765      2.86%     69.15% |       50649      2.91%     72.06% |       48388      2.78%     74.84% |       48421      2.78%     77.62% |       48352      2.78%     80.40% |       48742      2.80%     83.20% |       49537      2.85%     86.05% |       48437      2.78%     88.83% |       47919      2.75%     91.58% |       48128      2.77%     94.35% |       48433      2.78%     97.13% |       49886      2.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1740256                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
