
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.093753                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 93752588000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5269920666500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  24587                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    43307                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               53487175                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                6050272                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1752.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    43095416                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      75908051                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21127808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21127808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11913856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       11913856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       330122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             330122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       186154                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            186154                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    225357064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            225357064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    127077623                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           127077623                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    352434687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           352434687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     330122                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    186154                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   330122                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  186154                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21125440                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   2368                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               11913600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21127808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            11913856                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    37                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            20871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            20624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            20703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            20907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           20987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            11506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            11660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            11674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            11649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            11611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            11927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            11559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            11680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            11901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            11725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           11530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           11712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           11346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           11313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           11603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                     2309                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     1648                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  93752017500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               330122                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              186154                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 163633                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  44990                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  32631                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  22386                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  16145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  11686                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   8523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   6320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   4693                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   3481                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  2601                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  2021                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  1538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  1193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   606                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   294                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  2592                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  33824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  36163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  36575                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  36340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  35751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   2731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   1838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   2932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       158993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   207.796620                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   156.368666                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   172.265984                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        51856     32.62%     32.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        47620     29.95%     62.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43415     27.31%     89.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6447      4.05%     93.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3818      2.40%     96.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2092      1.32%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1266      0.80%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          858      0.54%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1621      1.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       158993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        34029                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.699844                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    23.495919                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        34022     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        34029                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        34029                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.470334                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.353094                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.469582                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32121     94.39%     94.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1370      4.03%     98.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          275      0.81%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          263      0.77%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        34029                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 11519432934                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            17708526684                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1650425000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    34898.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               53648.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      225.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      127.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   225.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   127.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.19                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  246534                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 110698                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                74.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               59.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    181592.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15200011500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3130400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    75419076000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              607506480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              594405000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              331476750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              324328125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1292148000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1282366800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            604344240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            601875360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         6123062400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         6123062400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        39164952510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        38446233525                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        21892804500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        22523259750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          70016294880                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          69895530960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          746.866689                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          745.578495                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20695232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20695232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11493120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       11493120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             323363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       179580                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            179580                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    220743048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            220743048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    122589896                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           122589896                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    343332944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           343332944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     323363                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    179580                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   323363                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  179580                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20693312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               11492928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20695232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            11493120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    30                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            19937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           19814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           19947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            11111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            11263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            11276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            11244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            11219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            11139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            11259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            11492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            11299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           11117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           11291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           10947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           10903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           11291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           11202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                     1476                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     1387                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  93751746500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               323363                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              179580                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 161004                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  41834                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  31467                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  22453                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  16021                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  11453                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   8547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   6521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   4769                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   3555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  2767                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  2147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  1680                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  1298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  1063                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   861                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                   724                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   330                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   257                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   214                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                  1704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  32634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  34877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  35115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  35162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  34670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   2692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   1902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   2528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       150053                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   214.494452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   160.875426                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   176.566352                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        47655     31.76%     31.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42659     28.43%     60.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43310     28.86%     89.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6643      4.43%     93.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3845      2.56%     96.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2100      1.40%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1297      0.86%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          889      0.59%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1655      1.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       150053                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32810                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.853886                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    19.621498                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32804     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        32810                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32810                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.473240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.353876                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.476311                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          30822     93.94%     93.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1461      4.45%     98.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          293      0.89%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          234      0.71%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        32810                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 11003489561                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            17065983311                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1616665000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    34031.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               52781.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      220.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      122.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   220.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   122.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  243274                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 109576                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                75.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               61.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    186406.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15397277500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3130400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    75221470500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              572299560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              562086000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              312266625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              306693750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1266642000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1255230600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            583426800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            580232160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         6123062400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         6123062400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        38661355800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        37700380260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        22334556000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        23177517000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          69853609185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          69705202170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          745.131314                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          743.548250                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20706368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20706368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     11494592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       11494592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323537                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             323537                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       179603                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            179603                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    220861828                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            220861828                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    122605597                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           122605597                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    343467425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           343467425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     323537                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    179603                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   323537                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  179603                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20705408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               11494528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20706368                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            11494592                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            19977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           19865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           19945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            11109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            11265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            11266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            11266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            11206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            11509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            11151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            11268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            11467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            11313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           11108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           11315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           10958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           10902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           11204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     1639                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     1428                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  93752458500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               323537                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              179603                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 161281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  41977                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  31372                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  22248                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  15900                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  11521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   8412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   6326                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   4796                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   3721                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  2827                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  2194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  1653                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  1289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  1058                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                   851                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                   672                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                   560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                   455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   350                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   271                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   200                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   185                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  1869                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  32629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  34824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  35187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  35199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  34719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   2724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   1764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   2557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       149515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   215.357442                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   161.704395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   176.497442                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        47092     31.50%     31.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42424     28.37%     59.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43567     29.14%     89.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6576      4.40%     93.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3901      2.61%     96.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2133      1.43%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1336      0.89%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          843      0.56%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1643      1.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       149515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32822                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.856681                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    19.650065                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32817     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        32822                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32822                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.472000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.353295                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.471314                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          30843     93.97%     93.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1480      4.51%     98.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          262      0.80%     99.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          237      0.72%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        32822                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 11028942621                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            17094980121                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1617610000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    34090.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               52840.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      220.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      122.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   220.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   122.61                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  243524                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 110075                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                75.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               61.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    186334.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   70.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15440869250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3130400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    75176562250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              571248720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              559046880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              311693250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              305035500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1267429800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1255924800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            583439760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            580348800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         6123062400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         6123062400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        38550747870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        37635808950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        22431580500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        23234158500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          69839202300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          69693385830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          744.977635                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          743.422205                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20691328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20691328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     11491712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       11491712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       323302                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             323302                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       179558                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            179558                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    220701406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            220701406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    122574878                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           122574878                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    343276284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           343276284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     323302                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    179558                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   323302                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  179558                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20690624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               11491584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20691328                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            11491712                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            19973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           19979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            11110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            11255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            11263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            11246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            11203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            11142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            11259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            11460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            11323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           11112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           11316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           10957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           10910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           11294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           11194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                     1761                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     1549                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  93751758000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               323302                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              179558                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 160979                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  42239                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  31705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  22630                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  15784                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  11620                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   8474                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   6189                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   4668                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   3606                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  2735                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  2050                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  1576                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  1222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                   992                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                   762                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                   638                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                   498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   419                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   356                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   254                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                  2033                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  32661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  34915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  35236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  35058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  34551                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   2669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   1780                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   2688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       149178                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   215.724678                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   161.946690                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   177.432971                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        46631     31.26%     31.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42858     28.73%     59.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43294     29.02%     89.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6481      4.34%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3910      2.62%     95.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2085      1.40%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1319      0.88%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          894      0.60%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1706      1.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       149178                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32846                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.842142                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.121803                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32836     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        32846                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32846                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.466602                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.348584                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.469960                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          30918     94.13%     94.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1424      4.34%     98.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          259      0.79%     99.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          245      0.75%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        32846                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 11102676700                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            17164382950                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1616455000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    34342.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               53092.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      220.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      122.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   220.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   122.57                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  243302                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 110361                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                75.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               61.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    186437.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   70.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15175657250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3130400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    75442415750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              569918160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              557859960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              310967250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              304387875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1265760600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1255800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            583135200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            580387680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         6123062400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         6123062400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        38399205960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        37611048150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        22564512000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        23255878500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          69816561570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          69688424565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          744.736125                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          743.369283                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          793                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3987                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4871                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              491000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              470124                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              115624                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1792000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               17116831                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 31.102458                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                26.471691                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                22.663200                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    16932781     98.92%     98.92% |      172908      1.01%     99.93% |        9288      0.05%     99.99% |        1552      0.01%    100.00% |         269      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 17116831                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     33334965                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.041893                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.728780                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.552559                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    30218926     90.65%     90.65% |     2718477      8.16%     98.81% |      322385      0.97%     99.77% |       35668      0.11%     99.88% |       15401      0.05%     99.93% |        8820      0.03%     99.95% |        7424      0.02%     99.98% |        6482      0.02%    100.00% |        1382      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      33334965                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            33334964                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              18.590022                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.246139                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             68.619846                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    33320850     99.96%     99.96% |       12154      0.04%     99.99% |        1674      0.01%    100.00% |         250      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              33334964                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        30297782                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.003949                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.003225                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.076925                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    30205043     99.69%     99.69% |       68745      0.23%     99.92% |       21327      0.07%     99.99% |        2424      0.01%    100.00% |         243      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          30297782                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        3037182                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        174.070808                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       134.397094                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       158.376351                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     3023068     99.54%     99.54% |       12154      0.40%     99.94% |        1674      0.06%     99.99% |         250      0.01%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          3037182                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    83886080                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    4194304                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         852215                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       852215                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           26                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           30                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           19                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           33                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     20445897                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       689965                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     21135862                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      9405220                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123481                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      9528701                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       914837                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        30725                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       310751                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1718168                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        54366                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           18                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           18                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        56537                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       287693                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       344230                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        87011                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        31778                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       208130                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       239908                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        47866                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        56734                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       287496                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       344230                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        87985                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        71643                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       311708                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       383351                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        97092                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        48160                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       267381                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       315541                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        77078                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        51353                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       272012                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       323365                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        77291                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        84218                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       333039                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       417257                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles       124003                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        46242                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       256259                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       302501                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        76039                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       113973                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        49748                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       163721                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        50633                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        43045                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        93678                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        51307                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        43184                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        94491                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        50296                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        43168                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        93464                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        49239                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        43166                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        92405                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        49034                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        43138                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        92172                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        47895                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        43162                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        91057                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        48214                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        43145                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        91359                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        49675                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        43150                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        92825                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        49431                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        43121                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        92552                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        49611                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        43137                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        92748                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        49192                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        43120                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        92312                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        49022                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        43094                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        92116                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        48505                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        43128                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        91633                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        51439                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        43199                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        94638                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        49138                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        43120                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        92258                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        48528                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        43081                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        91609                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        48702                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        43162                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        91864                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        49399                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        43115                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        92514                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        48621                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        43130                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        91751                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        49573                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        42993                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        92566                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        49046                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        43044                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        92090                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        49836                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        43042                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        92878                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        49889                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        43072                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        92961                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        52556                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        43007                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        95563                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        53480                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        43090                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        96570                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        48919                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        42995                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        91914                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        49194                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        42929                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        92123                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        48900                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        42983                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        91883                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        48059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        43171                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        91230                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        48634                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        43082                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        91716                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        51393                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        43128                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        94521                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          310                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     18268104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     18268104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18751649                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18268104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      9032149                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8992852                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     18268104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.097427                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     12157113                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     12157113                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     12768315                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     12157113                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7270528                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7204709                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     12157113                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.064836                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      9684833                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      9684833                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10157863                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9684833                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4529148                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4486001                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      9684833                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.051651                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      8392802                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      8392802                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8742395                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8392802                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4030077                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4014802                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      8392802                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.044760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      9890101                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      9890101                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10403212                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9890101                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5189554                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5130669                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      9890101                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.052746                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      9516410                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      9516410                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10043873                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9516410                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4821154                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4791886                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      9516410                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.050753                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     10524789                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     10524789                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11070754                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10524789                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4498073                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4478777                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     10524789                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.056131                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      8783504                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      8783504                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9307860                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8783504                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4023546                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4009020                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      8783504                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.046844                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      6896672                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      6896672                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7233510                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6896672                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3325893                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3296328                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      6896672                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.036781                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      7895609                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      7895609                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8287848                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7895609                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3851627                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3831077                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      7895609                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.042109                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      5167469                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      5167469                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5422724                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5167469                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2208150                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2192653                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      5167469                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.027559                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3742617                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3742617                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3780496                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3742617                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1708425                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1707477                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3742617                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.019960                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4420552                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4420552                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4472794                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4420552                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2187547                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2185936                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4420552                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.023576                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3797939                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3797939                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3838647                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3797939                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1719913                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1718943                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3797939                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.020255                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2651139                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2651139                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2699505                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2651139                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1057199                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1056127                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2651139                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.014139                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3598935                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3598935                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3659481                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3598935                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1444865                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1443563                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3598935                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.019194                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4489364                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4489364                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4546369                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4489364                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1706993                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1705908                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4489364                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.023943                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3837826                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3837826                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3889866                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3837826                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1498305                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1497310                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3837826                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.020468                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3532516                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3532516                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3602985                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3532516                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1447792                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1446236                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3532516                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.018840                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      2048866                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      2048866                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2102888                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2048866                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       857156                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       855842                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      2048866                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.010927                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1928185                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1928185                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1934647                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1928185                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       943788                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       943561                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1928185                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.010283                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2340262                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2340262                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2352024                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2340262                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1232775                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1231826                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2340262                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.012481                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2136125                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2136125                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2146881                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2136125                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1053315                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1052901                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2136125                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.011392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1339021                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1339021                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1339021                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1339021                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       596394                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       596345                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1339021                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.007141                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1899397                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1899397                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1905347                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1899397                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       908875                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       908641                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1899397                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.010130                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2314479                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2314479                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2326179                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2314479                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1216868                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1215811                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2314479                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.012344                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2113299                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2113299                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2123502                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2113299                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1034776                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1034443                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2113299                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.011271                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1344016                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1344016                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1344016                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1344016                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       597485                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       597444                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1344016                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.007168                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      8392750                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      8392750                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8825647                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8392750                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3860691                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3852402                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      8392750                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.044760                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      7719129                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      7719129                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7992733                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7719129                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3420907                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3414953                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      7719129                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.041168                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      8111171                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      8111171                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8525313                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8111171                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3454761                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3443167                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      8111171                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.043258                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8120562                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8120562                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8467833                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8120562                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3502536                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3494154                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8120562                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.043308                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    14025552     29.73%     29.73% |    30136149     63.88%     93.61% |     3015374      6.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     47177075                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    14025552     29.73%     29.73% |    30136149     63.88%     93.61% |     3015374      6.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     47177075                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   434446971                       |   755356200                       |    71760113                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   103669544                       |   141339424                       |     3043946                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   30.975392                       |   25.064788                       |   23.798080                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    7.391477                       |    4.690029                       |    1.009475                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    26.741024                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     5.257912                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         31.998936                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.004056                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.091335      7.31%      7.31% |    0.090484      7.24%     14.55% |    0.090278      7.23%     21.78% |    0.089652      7.18%     28.96% |    0.200855     16.08%     45.04% |    0.200698     16.07%     61.10% |    0.200694     16.07%     77.17% |    0.200577     16.06%     93.23% |    0.021156      1.69%     94.92% |    0.021163      1.69%     96.61% |    0.021158      1.69%     98.31% |    0.021156      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.249206                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.031175                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.023173                       |    0.000000                       |    0.006371                       |    0.004660                       |    0.006373                       |    0.006855                       |    0.005953                       |    0.006075                       |    0.007275                       |    0.005730                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.006242                       |    0.003790                       |    0.003742                       |    0.003767                       |    0.003733                       |    0.003736                       |    0.003732                       |    0.003712                       |    0.003728                       |    0.003808                       |    0.003815                       |    0.003779                       |    0.003747                       |    0.003734                       |    0.003702                       |    0.003712                       |    0.003758                       |    0.003748                       |    0.003757                       |    0.003744                       |    0.003724                       |    0.003818                       |    0.003743                       |    0.003723                       |    0.003731                       |    0.003752                       |    0.003730                       |    0.003748                       |    0.003736                       |    0.003755                       |    0.003842                       |    0.003876                       |    0.010554                       |    0.010337                       |    0.010342                       |    0.010335                       |    0.000128                       |           0                       |    0.002839                       |    0.007389                       |    0.000574                       |    0.000546                       |    0.000565                       |    0.000636                       |    0.000556                       |    0.000600                       |    0.000562                       |    0.000513                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003419                       |    0.000130                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003853                       |    0.002881                       |    0.010604                       |    0.003417                       |    0.000562                       |    0.004765                       |    0.012475                       |    0.004959                       |           0                       |    0.003420                       |    0.007357                       |           0                       |    0.011233                       |    0.016515                       |    0.006236                       |    0.009158                       |    0.003428                       |    0.000574                       |    0.012626                       |    0.013602                       |    0.012264                       |    0.006629                       |    0.003444                       |    0.000546                       |    0.014231                       |    0.011739                       |    0.008172                       |           0                       |    0.003412                       |    0.007144                       |           0                       |    0.013781                       |    0.009550                       |    0.007281                       |           0                       |    0.003445                       |           0                       |    0.007511                       |    0.004829                       |    0.004175                       |           0                       |    0.003424                       |           0                       |    0.003731                       |    0.002975                       |           0                       |    0.003488                       |           0                       |    0.001666                       |    0.003818                       |    0.003509                       |    0.008167                       |    0.003462                       |    0.000513                       |    0.010132                       |    0.004977                       |    0.011293                       |    0.003566                       |    0.009154                       |    0.003414                       |    0.000565                       |    0.005369                       |    0.013146                       |    0.016588                       |    0.004510                       |    0.025445                       |    0.005215                       |    0.002839                       |    0.010220                       |    0.018526                       |    0.025517                       |    0.009666                       |    0.000001                       |    0.003456                       |    0.007389                       |    0.008404                       |    0.018357                       |    0.017344                       |    0.009886                       |    0.009922                       |    0.003404                       |    0.000636                       |    0.007826                       |    0.013583                       |    0.009901                       |    0.005482                       |           0                       |    0.003429                       |           0                       |    0.002899                       |    0.007499                       |    0.004921                       |    0.004828                       |           0                       |    0.003432                       |           0                       |    0.001570                       |    0.003752                       |    0.003590                       |           0                       |    0.003426                       |           0                       |    0.000805                       |    0.003743                       |    0.003419                       |           0                       |    0.003469                       |           0                       |    0.010135                       |    0.004140                       |    0.006421                       |    0.003393                       |           0                       |    0.003507                       |    0.007146                       |           0                       |    0.006020                       |    0.011881                       |    0.011303                       |    0.003401                       |    0.008515                       |    0.003416                       |    0.000556                       |    0.017964                       |    0.013320                       |    0.008920                       |    0.003439                       |    0.008670                       |    0.003409                       |    0.000600                       |    0.006385                       |    0.015067                       |    0.009292                       |    0.003422                       |           0                       |    0.003507                       |    0.007143                       |           0                       |    0.007403                       |    0.013850                       |    0.007964                       |    0.003442                       |           0                       |    0.003404                       |           0                       |    0.002001                       |    0.007464                       |    0.003951                       |    0.003435                       |           0                       |    0.003425                       |           0                       |    0.000696                       |    0.003730                       |    0.003420                       |           0                       |    0.003419                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003723                       |           0                       |    0.003393                       |           0                       |    0.004554                       |           0                       |    0.006192                       |           0                       |    0.003401                       |           0                       |    0.004823                       |    0.003321                       |    0.007649                       |           0                       |    0.003439                       |           0                       |    0.009854                       |    0.005889                       |    0.004761                       |           0                       |    0.003422                       |           0                       |    0.003801                       |    0.009097                       |    0.004148                       |           0                       |    0.003442                       |           0                       |    0.006861                       |    0.008537                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003435                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.007492                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003420                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003748                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.249206                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8101664                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8101664                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       343250                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5850328                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5322224                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.973087                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          606844                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30785                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             13231406                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              73174                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            14794980                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            138473                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         13304580                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        14933453                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  28026386                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  211647                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              28238033                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              9535635                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9552                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          9545187                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   9535635                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9552                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               9545187                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                183755476                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     31632898                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               49882850                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8101664                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      5929068                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             146983334                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          785252                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             141918                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       177266                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       278641                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3055                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       330622                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           9535030                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        189443                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3804                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    179940360                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.503814                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.709468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        161835709     89.94%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1843858      1.02%     90.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2571464      1.43%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           719929      0.40%     92.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3952922      2.20%     94.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1026757      0.57%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1471307      0.82%     96.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           410668      0.23%     96.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6107746      3.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    179940360                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.044089                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.271463                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         11518786                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     155791041                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6114893                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6123007                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         392626                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       87069133                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         392626                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         14016657                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        95107002                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     10676000                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9498926                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      50249142                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       85501324                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        5229534                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         452542                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       42476240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     90905945                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     202327506                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    128384410                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          350                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      79738965                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11166952                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       292602                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       296311                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          40258361                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7039978                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     15110617                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1618848                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1456051                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           83960557                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       562847                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          87877932                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       270812                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      8346462                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13317410                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        96395                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    179940360                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488373                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.238802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    144515345     80.31%     80.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14520081      8.07%     88.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      7268641      4.04%     92.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4618144      2.57%     94.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3735704      2.08%     97.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2591621      1.44%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2023727      1.12%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       413922      0.23%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       253175      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    179940360                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          104543     10.37%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         784749     77.88%     88.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        118353     11.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       338341      0.39%      0.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      59444368     67.64%     68.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        43647      0.05%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52043      0.06%     68.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           20      0.00%     68.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     68.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     68.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     68.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     68.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     68.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     68.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     68.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     68.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     68.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13026336     14.82%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     14973177     17.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       87877932                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.478233                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1007645                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.011466                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    356974392                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     92877509                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     80546447                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          281                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          403                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          105                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       88547095                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             141                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1761550                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1209373                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2680                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8184                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       557162                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1813                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7555710                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         392626                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5387977                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      84156946                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     84523404                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        98516                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7039978                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15110617                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       553992                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         105695                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      83863926                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8184                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123962                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       282438                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       406400                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      87266786                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      12835824                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       400472                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             27647741                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          6778105                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           14811917                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.474907                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               80647062                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              80546552                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          41971277                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          66699240                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.438336                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.629262                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8531982                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       466452                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       356459                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    178527615                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425189                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.337716                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    150443648     84.27%     84.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12101058      6.78%     91.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      6730653      3.77%     94.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2509259      1.41%     96.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1513378      0.85%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1050285      0.59%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       508692      0.28%     97.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904318      0.51%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2766324      1.55%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    178527615                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     43095415                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       75908048                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               20384048                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5830601                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6333770                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 25                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          75506961                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       528710                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       147642      0.19%      0.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     55283260     72.83%     73.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        42333      0.06%     73.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50763      0.07%     73.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     73.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5830601      7.68%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     14553447     19.17%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     75908048                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2766324                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            260068843                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           170303475                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85061                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3815116                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3749277                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            43095415                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              75908048                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.263922                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.263922                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.234526                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.234526                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        133118616                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        58567346                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               140                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              125                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          32198596                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         25960222                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        41516448                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         289247                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               5940184500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean              5940184500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       8426692                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        35.786512                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       28.791989                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       29.875465                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     8242725     97.82%     97.82% |      172838      2.05%     99.87% |        9275      0.11%     99.98% |        1552      0.02%    100.00% |         269      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         8426692                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       8445104                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.593111                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.424984                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       10.230743                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     5648072     66.88%     66.88% |     2789544     33.03%     99.91% |        7150      0.08%    100.00% |         255      0.00%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         8445104                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        245035                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        25.433179                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.569899                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.465134                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |        4429      1.81%      1.81% |       28709     11.72%     13.52% |       84897     34.65%     48.17% |       57364     23.41%     71.58% |       50978     20.80%     92.39% |       14568      5.95%     98.33% |        3598      1.47%     99.80% |         451      0.18%     99.98% |          38      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          245035                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          8305439                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           39.296152                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           6.901311                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         104.185587                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     8295489     99.88%     99.88% |        8469      0.10%     99.98% |        1253      0.02%    100.00% |         197      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            8305439                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6451987                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.011796                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.009579                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.135522                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6394612     99.11%     99.11% |       41319      0.64%     99.75% |       13624      0.21%     99.96% |        2190      0.03%    100.00% |         242      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6451987                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      1853452                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     165.604358                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    124.050101                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    167.640996                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     1843502     99.46%     99.46% |        8469      0.46%     99.92% |        1253      0.07%     99.99% |         197      0.01%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       1853452                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         15272475                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           16.509900                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.952677                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          62.478158                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    15243992     99.81%     99.81% |       24319      0.16%     99.97% |        2781      0.02%     99.99% |         904      0.01%    100.00% |         314      0.00%    100.00% |         107      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           15272475                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     14227102                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.003053                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.002523                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.065010                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14191837     99.75%     99.75% |       27327      0.19%     99.94% |        7703      0.05%    100.00% |         234      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       14227102                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1045373                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     200.332593                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    166.703273                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    144.066497                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1016890     97.28%     97.28% |       24319      2.33%     99.60% |        2781      0.27%     99.87% |         904      0.09%     99.95% |         314      0.03%     99.98% |         107      0.01%     99.99% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1045373                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      9528701                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.083341                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.128340                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      11.583826                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     9514075     99.85%     99.85% |       11840      0.12%     99.97% |        2474      0.03%    100.00% |          75      0.00%    100.00% |         101      0.00%    100.00% |         114      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        9528701                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      9405220                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9405220    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      9405220                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123481                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    86.598529                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.032925                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    58.792691                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      108855     88.16%     88.16% |       11840      9.59%     97.74% |        2474      2.00%     99.75% |          75      0.06%     99.81% |         101      0.08%     99.89% |         114      0.09%     99.98% |          19      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123481                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       227045                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.971261                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.741328                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    34.268687                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      223079     98.25%     98.25% |        3054      1.35%     99.60% |         776      0.34%     99.94% |          70      0.03%     99.97% |          30      0.01%     99.98% |          29      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       227045                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       212197                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000467                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000403                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.021595                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      212098     99.95%     99.95% |          99      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       212197                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        14848                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.592874                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.657901                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    85.666288                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       10882     73.29%     73.29% |        3054     20.57%     93.86% |         776      5.23%     99.08% |          70      0.47%     99.56% |          30      0.20%     99.76% |          29      0.20%     99.95% |           7      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        14848                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.254601                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.423135                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.768155                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         624     95.71%     95.71% |          18      2.76%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    78.785714                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.782348                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    61.005985                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     64.29%     64.29% |           5     17.86%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           3     10.71%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       397553                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      7686288                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       134709                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                   156534                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                   143992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                   155468                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   168876                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                   152234                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                   159731                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                   137891                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                   141051                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                 187754                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                  95976                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                 188820                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                 214532                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                 163366                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                 163693                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                 279421                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                 161509                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                   164620                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    81495                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                   166563                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                   187897                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                   143044                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                   142996                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                   246070                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                   141239                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               344288                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               239968                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               344288                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               383408                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses               315600                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               323424                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses               417312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses               302560                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 7009500                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 5548490                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 6981444                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 6975971                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 6755080                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 6439840                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 8161842                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                 6856894                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                  251360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  175200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                  251360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  279920                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                  230416                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                  236128                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                  304672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                  220896                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  92928                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  64768                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  92928                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                 103488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  85184                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  87296                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                 112640                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  81664                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits               111408                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits               103327                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits               110224                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits               120715                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits               108264                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits               113997                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                96143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits               100584                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses             139952                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses              71873                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses             141136                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses             159205                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses             122152                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses             122131                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses             208529                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses             120312                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               45126                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               40665                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               45244                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               48161                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               43970                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               45734                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               41748                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               40467                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             47802                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             24103                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             47684                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             55327                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             41214                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             41562                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             70892                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             41197                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      132                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       92                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      132                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      147                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                      121                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      124                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      160                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                      116                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles               11698647                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles               11691451                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles               11587154                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles               11613832                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles               11773024                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles               11711373                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles               11695152                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles               11676470                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    2112                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    1472                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    2112                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    2352                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                    1936                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    1984                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    2560                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                    1856                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles              10704965                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles              10900189                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles              10594562                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles              10487774                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles              10795665                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles              10726725                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles              10271994                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles              10705343                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            5431165                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            3777051                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            5436497                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            6105692                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles            4981491                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            5140170                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            6653769                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            4789572                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              3822039                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              3875461                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3849691                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              4022035                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              4000333                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              3881741                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              4523502                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              3969819                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time         10704965                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time         10900189                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time         10594562                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time         10487774                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time         10795665                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time         10726725                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time         10271994                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time         10705343                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       5409699                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       3770504                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       5409679                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       6024146                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       4958926                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       5081769                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       6556803                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       4753970                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         3739822                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         3840879                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         3750658                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         3835390                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         3879140                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         3798136                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         4105552                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         3860492                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time           11173000                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time           11228097                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time           11083509                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time           11056394                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time           11220919                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time           11127347                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time           11068367                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time           11143652                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         175716444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         175716440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         175716446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         175716442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         175716451                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         175716447                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         175716463                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         175716459                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         11655640                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         11644961                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         11580864                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         11503553                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         11674992                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles         11594058                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         11527463                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         11579832                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             51650                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             35872                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             51004                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             57010                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             47231                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             47869                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             61574                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             45343                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             16610                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1             19274                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             16497                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1             17786                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1             17061                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             18562                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1             13525                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1             15394                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             39171                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             47078                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             38344                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             44245                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2             39888                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             45930                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             30045                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2             35252                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles           40344                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles           17624                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles           28745                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles           58729                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles           25788                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles           72763                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          253168                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles           78068                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      330097     25.39%     25.39% |      323363     24.87%     50.25% |      323537     24.88%     75.14% |      323302     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1300299                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      180337     25.70%     25.70% |      173759     24.77%     50.47% |      173777     24.77%     75.24% |      173731     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       701604                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      330122     25.39%     25.39% |      323363     24.87%     50.26% |      323537     24.88%     75.14% |      323302     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1300324                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      186154     25.68%     25.68% |      179580     24.77%     50.45% |      179603     24.78%     75.23% |      179558     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       724895                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      141568     25.02%     25.02% |      141412     24.99%     50.00% |      141568     25.02%     75.02% |      141379     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       565927                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      330097     25.39%     25.39% |      323363     24.87%     50.25% |      323537     24.88%     75.14% |      323302     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1300299                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      180101     25.70%     25.70% |      173580     24.77%     50.47% |      173603     24.77%     75.24% |      173558     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       700842                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      141568     25.02%     25.02% |      141412     24.99%     50.00% |      141568     25.02%     75.02% |      141379     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       565927                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      330097     25.39%     25.39% |      323363     24.87%     50.25% |      323537     24.88%     75.14% |      323302     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1300299                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      180101     25.70%     25.70% |      173580     24.77%     50.47% |      173603     24.77%     75.24% |      173558     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       700842                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          709                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6356712     76.51%     76.51% |          18      0.00%     76.52% |      251426      3.03%     79.54% |      175200      2.11%     81.65% |      251422      3.03%     84.68% |      280120      3.37%     88.05% |      230433      2.77%     90.82% |      236269      2.84%     93.67% |      305156      3.67%     97.34% |      221048      2.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      8307804                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     9528757    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      9528757                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    14780259     95.34%     95.34% |           0      0.00%     95.34% |       93112      0.60%     95.94% |       64778      0.42%     96.36% |       93166      0.60%     96.96% |      103760      0.67%     97.63% |       85329      0.55%     98.18% |       87482      0.56%     98.74% |      113318      0.73%     99.47% |       81854      0.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     15503058                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17030     10.63%     10.63% |          18      0.01%     10.64% |       18219     11.37%     22.01% |       12864      8.03%     30.04% |       18332     11.44%     41.48% |       20110     12.55%     54.03% |       18164     11.34%     65.37% |       18018     11.25%     76.61% |       20498     12.79%     89.40% |       16977     10.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       160230                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      809019     26.66%     26.66% |           0      0.00%     26.66% |      287718      9.48%     36.14% |      208002      6.85%     42.99% |      287689      9.48%     52.47% |      312122     10.28%     62.75% |      267507      8.81%     71.57% |      272614      8.98%     80.55% |      333512     10.99%     91.54% |      256793      8.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3034976                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3122     12.55%     12.55% |        2577     10.36%     22.91% |        3145     12.64%     35.55% |        3073     12.35%     47.91% |        3166     12.73%     60.63% |        3307     13.29%     73.93% |        3356     13.49%     87.42% |        3130     12.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        24876                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7749     12.93%     12.93% |        5553      9.27%     22.20% |        7740     12.92%     35.11% |        8333     13.90%     49.02% |        7382     12.32%     61.34% |        7643     12.75%     74.09% |        8258     13.78%     87.87% |        7269     12.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        59929                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      190550     11.55%     11.55% |          16      0.00%     11.55% |      188297     11.41%     22.96% |      135494      8.21%     31.17% |      188389     11.42%     42.59% |      205449     12.45%     55.04% |      173507     10.51%     65.55% |      178303     10.81%     76.36% |      222398     13.48%     89.83% |      167758     10.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1650161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        7737     12.91%     12.91% |        5097      8.51%     21.42% |        7829     13.06%     34.48% |        8874     14.81%     49.29% |        7477     12.48%     61.77% |        7154     11.94%     73.70% |        9102     15.19%     88.89% |        6657     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        59929                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      622875     46.94%     46.94% |           0      0.00%     46.94% |       91659      6.91%     53.84% |       67539      5.09%     58.93% |       91278      6.88%     65.81% |       97385      7.34%     73.15% |       86397      6.51%     79.66% |       86555      6.52%     86.18% |      101539      7.65%     93.83% |       81844      6.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1327071                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      686936     26.23%     26.23% |           0      0.00%     26.23% |      249663      9.53%     35.76% |      181351      6.92%     42.68% |      249750      9.54%     52.22% |      270329     10.32%     62.54% |      230973      8.82%     71.36% |      236553      9.03%     80.39% |      291017     11.11%     91.50% |      222599      8.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2619171                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      190003     10.26%     10.26% |           9      0.00%     10.26% |      215051     11.61%     21.87% |      153418      8.28%     30.15% |      214831     11.60%     41.74% |      235030     12.69%     54.43% |      198883     10.74%     65.17% |      202385     10.93%     76.09% |      252461     13.63%     89.72% |      190405     10.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1852476                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      120992    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       120992                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      498921     47.06%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |       72642      6.85%     53.91% |       54703      5.16%     59.07% |       72658      6.85%     65.93% |       76675      7.23%     73.16% |       68498      6.46%     79.62% |       69616      6.57%     86.19% |       80564      7.60%     93.79% |       65851      6.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1060128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11051      7.23%      7.23% |           0      0.00%      7.23% |       18140     11.87%     19.09% |       12393      8.11%     27.20% |       18218     11.92%     39.12% |       20058     13.12%     52.24% |       18018     11.79%     64.02% |       17893     11.70%     75.73% |       20467     13.39%     89.12% |       16639     10.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       152877                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         964     98.77%     98.77% |           9      0.92%     99.69% |           0      0.00%     99.69% |           0      0.00%     99.69% |           0      0.00%     99.69% |           1      0.10%     99.80% |           0      0.00%     99.80% |           1      0.10%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           1      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          976                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        2489    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         2489                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          56     56.00%     56.00% |           0      0.00%     56.00% |           0      0.00%     56.00% |           9      9.00%     65.00% |           7      7.00%     72.00% |           2      2.00%     74.00% |           0      0.00%     74.00% |          10     10.00%     84.00% |          14     14.00%     98.00% |           2      2.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          100                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1583      5.77%      5.77% |           0      0.00%      5.77% |        3168     11.55%     17.32% |        2986     10.88%     28.20% |        3210     11.70%     39.90% |        3097     11.29%     51.19% |        3270     11.92%     63.10% |        3361     12.25%     75.35% |        3333     12.15%     87.50% |        3429     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        27437                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        8207     20.48%     20.48% |           0      0.00%     20.48% |        3757      9.38%     29.85% |        3841      9.58%     39.44% |        3545      8.85%     48.29% |        4344     10.84%     59.13% |        4061     10.13%     69.26% |        3907      9.75%     79.01% |        4368     10.90%     89.91% |        4044     10.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        40074                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     9405220    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      9405220                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        3465     93.07%     93.07% |           2      0.05%     93.12% |          25      0.67%     93.80% |          82      2.20%     96.00% |          22      0.59%     96.59% |           8      0.21%     96.80% |          11      0.30%     97.10% |          19      0.51%     97.61% |           3      0.08%     97.69% |          86      2.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         3723                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120374     31.52%     31.52% |           0      0.00%     31.52% |       34350      9.00%     40.52% |       23272      6.09%     46.61% |       34017      8.91%     55.52% |       37767      9.89%     65.41% |       32626      8.54%     73.96% |       31575      8.27%     82.22% |       38163      9.99%     92.22% |       29716      7.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       381860                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3345488     92.91%     92.91% |           0      0.00%     92.91% |       32520      0.90%     93.81% |       17909      0.50%     94.31% |       32952      0.92%     95.22% |       40513      1.13%     96.35% |       27440      0.76%     97.11% |       29803      0.83%     97.94% |       47811      1.33%     99.27% |       26414      0.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3600850                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       35528    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        35528                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2277     80.12%     80.12% |          16      0.56%     80.68% |          31      1.09%     81.77% |         212      7.46%     89.23% |          35      1.23%     90.46% |          27      0.95%     91.41% |          69      2.43%     93.84% |          64      2.25%     96.09% |          16      0.56%     96.66% |          95      3.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2842                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      152656      9.84%      9.84% |           0      0.00%      9.84% |      180377     11.63%     21.48% |      129591      8.36%     29.83% |      180484     11.64%     41.47% |      196949     12.70%     54.17% |      165905     10.70%     64.87% |      170464     10.99%     75.86% |      214025     13.80%     89.67% |      160266     10.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      1550717                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7709     12.94%     12.94% |        5522      9.27%     22.21% |        7693     12.91%     35.12% |        8284     13.90%     49.02% |        7338     12.32%     61.34% |        7615     12.78%     74.12% |        8182     13.73%     87.85% |        7237     12.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        59580                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2811063    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2811063                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    14245611     98.89%     98.89% |           0      0.00%     98.89% |       20260      0.14%     99.03% |       10028      0.07%     99.10% |       20237      0.14%     99.24% |       26786      0.19%     99.43% |       16659      0.12%     99.55% |       17643      0.12%     99.67% |       32039      0.22%     99.89% |       15784      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     14405047                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         237     31.14%     31.14% |           0      0.00%     31.14% |          23      3.02%     34.17% |         167     21.94%     56.11% |          55      7.23%     63.34% |          17      2.23%     65.57% |          61      8.02%     73.59% |          36      4.73%     78.32% |          12      1.58%     79.89% |         153     20.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          761                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      534280     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |       69286      6.48%     56.49% |       51760      4.84%     61.33% |       69266      6.48%     67.82% |       73380      6.87%     74.68% |       65068      6.09%     80.77% |       66089      6.19%     86.96% |       76992      7.21%     94.17% |       62333      5.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1068454                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3117     12.55%     12.55% |        2576     10.37%     22.92% |        3135     12.62%     35.55% |        3072     12.37%     47.92% |        3163     12.74%     60.65% |        3300     13.29%     73.94% |        3346     13.47%     87.41% |        3126     12.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total        24835                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         119      2.39%      2.39% |           0      0.00%      2.39% |         415      8.34%     10.73% |         306      6.15%     16.88% |         538     10.81%     27.69% |         736     14.79%     42.48% |         474      9.53%     52.01% |         832     16.72%     68.73% |         746     14.99%     83.72% |         810     16.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         4976                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      190550     11.55%     11.55% |          16      0.00%     11.55% |      188297     11.41%     22.96% |      135494      8.21%     31.17% |      188389     11.42%     42.59% |      205449     12.45%     55.04% |      173507     10.51%     65.55% |      178303     10.81%     76.36% |      222398     13.48%     89.83% |      167758     10.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1650161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        7737     12.91%     12.91% |        5097      8.51%     21.42% |        7829     13.06%     34.48% |        8874     14.81%     49.29% |        7477     12.48%     61.77% |        7154     11.94%     73.70% |        9102     15.19%     88.89% |        6657     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        59929                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123898     46.43%     46.43% |           0      0.00%     46.43% |       19017      7.13%     53.56% |       12827      4.81%     58.36% |       18613      6.98%     65.34% |       20708      7.76%     73.10% |       17899      6.71%     79.81% |       16929      6.34%     86.15% |       20961      7.86%     94.01% |       15991      5.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       266843                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           7      0.46%      0.46% |           0      0.00%      0.46% |         122      7.96%      8.42% |          87      5.68%     14.10% |         174     11.36%     25.46% |         193     12.60%     38.05% |         164     10.70%     48.76% |         293     19.13%     67.89% |         253     16.51%     84.40% |         239     15.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total         1532                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      498977     47.06%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |       72642      6.85%     53.91% |       54712      5.16%     59.08% |       72665      6.85%     65.93% |       76677      7.23%     73.16% |       68498      6.46%     79.62% |       69626      6.57%     86.19% |       80578      7.60%     93.79% |       65853      6.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1060228                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         987     41.73%     41.73% |           0      0.00%     41.73% |          98      4.14%     45.88% |          32      1.35%     47.23% |          94      3.97%     51.21% |         232      9.81%     61.01% |          49      2.07%     63.09% |         173      7.32%     70.40% |         516     21.82%     92.22% |         184      7.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         2365                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         122      5.46%      5.46% |           0      0.00%      5.46% |         210      9.40%     14.86% |          38      1.70%     16.56% |         264     11.82%     28.38% |         297     13.29%     41.67% |         172      7.70%     49.37% |         213      9.53%     58.91% |         701     31.38%     90.29% |         217      9.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         2234                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          10     37.04%     37.04% |           2      7.41%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           5     18.52%     62.96% |           6     22.22%     85.19% |           0      0.00%     85.19% |           4     14.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total           27                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     12.20%     12.20% |           1      2.44%     14.63% |          10     24.39%     39.02% |           1      2.44%     41.46% |           3      7.32%     48.78% |           7     17.07%     65.85% |          10     24.39%     90.24% |           4      9.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total           41                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          40     11.53%     11.53% |          31      8.93%     20.46% |          47     13.54%     34.01% |          49     14.12%     48.13% |          44     12.68%     60.81% |          28      8.07%     68.88% |          76     21.90%     90.78% |          32      9.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total          347                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      686936     26.23%     26.23% |           0      0.00%     26.23% |      249618      9.53%     35.76% |      181309      6.92%     42.69% |      249691      9.53%     52.22% |      270279     10.32%     62.54% |      230921      8.82%     71.36% |      236512      9.03%     80.39% |      290931     11.11%     91.50% |      222559      8.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2618756                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          45     10.84%     10.84% |          42     10.12%     20.96% |          59     14.22%     35.18% |          50     12.05%     47.23% |          52     12.53%     59.76% |          41      9.88%     69.64% |          86     20.72%     90.36% |          40      9.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          415                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3855      3.12%      3.12% |        3690      2.99%      6.11% |        3428      2.77%      8.88% |        3495      2.83%     11.71% |        3476      2.81%     14.52% |        3971      3.21%     17.74% |        3700      2.99%     20.73% |        3316      2.68%     23.42% |        3509      2.84%     26.26% |        5107      4.13%     30.39% |        3873      3.13%     33.52% |        3792      3.07%     36.59% |        3481      2.82%     39.41% |        4384      3.55%     42.96% |        3832      3.10%     46.06% |        3778      3.06%     49.12% |        4112      3.33%     52.45% |        4148      3.36%     55.80% |        3654      2.96%     58.76% |        3334      2.70%     61.46% |        3069      2.48%     63.94% |        3734      3.02%     66.97% |        3514      2.84%     69.81% |        3355      2.72%     72.53% |        3600      2.91%     75.44% |        3720      3.01%     78.45% |        3238      2.62%     81.07% |        4610      3.73%     84.80% |        3985      3.23%     88.03% |        5243      4.24%     92.27% |        5111      4.14%     96.41% |        4439      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123553                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      117918      6.36%      6.36% |       56932      3.07%      9.43% |       55897      3.01%     12.45% |       56565      3.05%     15.50% |       55929      3.02%     18.51% |       55707      3.00%     21.52% |       55359      2.99%     24.50% |       55406      2.99%     27.49% |       55562      3.00%     30.49% |       56031      3.02%     33.51% |       57989      3.13%     36.64% |       57041      3.08%     39.71% |       56261      3.03%     42.75% |       55427      2.99%     45.74% |       54835      2.96%     48.70% |       55072      2.97%     51.67% |       56093      3.03%     54.69% |       55736      3.01%     57.70% |       56046      3.02%     60.72% |       56055      3.02%     63.74% |       56030      3.02%     66.77% |       57209      3.09%     69.85% |       56096      3.03%     72.88% |       55399      2.99%     75.86% |       55525      2.99%     78.86% |       55953      3.02%     81.88% |       55513      2.99%     84.87% |       55121      2.97%     87.84% |       55663      3.00%     90.85% |       55089      2.97%     93.82% |       55791      3.01%     96.83% |       58851      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      1854101                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       41962      3.96%      3.96% |       33064      3.12%      7.08% |       32802      3.09%     10.17% |       32917      3.10%     13.27% |       32524      3.07%     16.34% |       32455      3.06%     19.40% |       32832      3.10%     22.50% |       32550      3.07%     25.57% |       32657      3.08%     28.65% |       33406      3.15%     31.80% |       32678      3.08%     34.88% |       32650      3.08%     37.96% |       32676      3.08%     41.04% |       32376      3.05%     44.10% |       32396      3.06%     47.15% |       32523      3.07%     50.22% |       32639      3.08%     53.30% |       32685      3.08%     56.38% |       33073      3.12%     59.50% |       32946      3.11%     62.61% |       32587      3.07%     65.68% |       33797      3.19%     68.87% |       32675      3.08%     71.95% |       32891      3.10%     75.05% |       32756      3.09%     78.14% |       32852      3.10%     81.24% |       33018      3.11%     84.35% |       32858      3.10%     87.45% |       32472      3.06%     90.52% |       32578      3.07%     93.59% |       34691      3.27%     96.86% |       33299      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1060285                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      150826      5.76%      5.76% |       81050      3.09%      8.85% |       79641      3.04%     11.89% |       80372      3.07%     14.96% |       79278      3.03%     17.99% |       78985      3.02%     21.00% |       79188      3.02%     24.03% |       78663      3.00%     27.03% |       79190      3.02%     30.05% |       80344      3.07%     33.12% |       81479      3.11%     36.23% |       80297      3.07%     39.29% |       79564      3.04%     42.33% |       78472      3.00%     45.33% |       77934      2.98%     48.30% |       78319      2.99%     51.29% |       79556      3.04%     54.33% |       79142      3.02%     57.35% |       79801      3.05%     60.40% |       79575      3.04%     63.44% |       79315      3.03%     66.46% |       81475      3.11%     69.57% |       79443      3.03%     72.61% |       78992      3.02%     75.62% |       79114      3.02%     78.64% |       79554      3.04%     81.68% |       79277      3.03%     84.71% |       78814      3.01%     87.71% |       78981      3.02%     90.73% |       78561      3.00%     93.73% |       81396      3.11%     96.84% |       82885      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2619483                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           2      2.08%      2.08% |           4      4.17%      6.25% |           4      4.17%     10.42% |           5      5.21%     15.62% |           0      0.00%     15.62% |           5      5.21%     20.83% |           5      5.21%     26.04% |           1      1.04%     27.08% |           5      5.21%     32.29% |           4      4.17%     36.46% |           2      2.08%     38.54% |           4      4.17%     42.71% |           0      0.00%     42.71% |           1      1.04%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           1      1.04%     44.79% |           1      1.04%     45.83% |           4      4.17%     50.00% |           4      4.17%     54.17% |          13     13.54%     67.71% |           0      0.00%     67.71% |           1      1.04%     68.75% |           1      1.04%     69.79% |           2      2.08%     71.88% |           5      5.21%     77.08% |           3      3.12%     80.21% |           3      3.12%     83.33% |           4      4.17%     87.50% |           7      7.29%     94.79% |           1      1.04%     95.83% |           1      1.04%     96.87% |           3      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total           96                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       28177      4.02%      4.02% |       21675      3.09%      7.12% |       21692      3.10%     10.21% |       21684      3.10%     13.31% |       21672      3.09%     16.40% |       21670      3.09%     19.49% |       21678      3.09%     22.59% |       21691      3.10%     25.69% |       21695      3.10%     28.78% |       21688      3.10%     31.88% |       21704      3.10%     34.98% |       21690      3.10%     38.07% |       21678      3.09%     41.17% |       21674      3.09%     44.26% |       21672      3.09%     47.35% |       21679      3.09%     50.45% |       21711      3.10%     53.55% |       21691      3.10%     56.64% |       21697      3.10%     59.74% |       21689      3.10%     62.84% |       21689      3.10%     65.93% |       21710      3.10%     69.03% |       21698      3.10%     72.13% |       21700      3.10%     75.23% |       21716      3.10%     78.33% |       21705      3.10%     81.42% |       21701      3.10%     84.52% |       21685      3.10%     87.62% |       21694      3.10%     90.71% |       21689      3.10%     93.81% |       21680      3.09%     96.91% |       21679      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       700553                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       17862      3.15%      3.15% |       17704      3.13%      6.28% |       17742      3.13%      9.41% |       17699      3.13%     12.54% |       17656      3.12%     15.66% |       17603      3.11%     18.77% |       17647      3.12%     21.88% |       17720      3.13%     25.01% |       17690      3.12%     28.14% |       17723      3.13%     31.27% |       17775      3.14%     34.41% |       17696      3.13%     37.53% |       17708      3.13%     40.66% |       17683      3.12%     43.78% |       17720      3.13%     46.91% |       17691      3.12%     50.04% |       17672      3.12%     53.16% |       17681      3.12%     56.28% |       17693      3.12%     59.41% |       17655      3.12%     62.52% |       17669      3.12%     65.64% |       17709      3.13%     68.77% |       17684      3.12%     71.90% |       17648      3.12%     75.01% |       17710      3.13%     78.14% |       17721      3.13%     81.27% |       17730      3.13%     84.40% |       17649      3.12%     87.52% |       17670      3.12%     90.64% |       17666      3.12%     93.76% |       17658      3.12%     96.88% |       17682      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       566216                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       47150      3.63%      3.63% |       40427      3.11%      6.74% |       40480      3.11%      9.85% |       40429      3.11%     12.96% |       40372      3.10%     16.06% |       40318      3.10%     19.16% |       40371      3.10%     22.27% |       40457      3.11%     25.38% |       40431      3.11%     28.49% |       40458      3.11%     31.60% |       40524      3.12%     34.72% |       40431      3.11%     37.83% |       40431      3.11%     40.94% |       40402      3.11%     44.04% |       40437      3.11%     47.15% |       40415      3.11%     50.26% |       40428      3.11%     53.37% |       40418      3.11%     56.48% |       40436      3.11%     59.59% |       40390      3.11%     62.69% |       40404      3.11%     65.80% |       40466      3.11%     68.91% |       40428      3.11%     72.02% |       40393      3.11%     75.13% |       40472      3.11%     78.24% |       40473      3.11%     81.35% |       40477      3.11%     84.47% |       40379      3.11%     87.57% |       40409      3.11%     90.68% |       40401      3.11%     93.79% |       40384      3.11%     96.89% |       40408      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1300299                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       46126      3.64%      3.64% |       39403      3.11%      6.75% |       39456      3.11%      9.86% |       39405      3.11%     12.97% |       39348      3.10%     16.07% |       39294      3.10%     19.17% |       39347      3.10%     22.28% |       39433      3.11%     25.39% |       39407      3.11%     28.50% |       39434      3.11%     31.61% |       39500      3.12%     34.73% |       39407      3.11%     37.83% |       39407      3.11%     40.94% |       39378      3.11%     44.05% |       39413      3.11%     47.16% |       39391      3.11%     50.27% |       39404      3.11%     53.38% |       39394      3.11%     56.48% |       39412      3.11%     59.59% |       39366      3.11%     62.70% |       39380      3.11%     65.81% |       39442      3.11%     68.92% |       39404      3.11%     72.03% |       39369      3.11%     75.13% |       39448      3.11%     78.24% |       39449      3.11%     81.36% |       39453      3.11%     84.47% |       39355      3.10%     87.57% |       39385      3.11%     90.68% |       39377      3.11%     93.79% |       39360      3.11%     96.89% |       39384      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1267531                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          65      8.29%      8.29% |          15      1.91%     10.20% |          29      3.70%     13.90% |          24      3.06%     16.96% |          17      2.17%     19.13% |          22      2.81%     21.94% |          37      4.72%     26.66% |          10      1.28%     27.93% |          10      1.28%     29.21% |          18      2.30%     31.51% |          35      4.46%     35.97% |          26      3.32%     39.29% |          17      2.17%     41.45% |          23      2.93%     44.39% |          30      3.83%     48.21% |          12      1.53%     49.74% |           9      1.15%     50.89% |          12      1.53%     52.42% |          28      3.57%     55.99% |          33      4.21%     60.20% |          44      5.61%     65.82% |          50      6.38%     72.19% |          32      4.08%     76.28% |          16      2.04%     78.32% |          14      1.79%     80.10% |          14      1.79%     81.89% |          25      3.19%     85.08% |          24      3.06%     88.14% |          23      2.93%     91.07% |          23      2.93%     94.01% |          34      4.34%     98.34% |          13      1.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          784                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        1829      3.05%      3.05% |        1825      3.05%      6.10% |        1839      3.07%      9.17% |        1854      3.09%     12.26% |        1847      3.08%     15.34% |        1788      2.98%     18.32% |        1805      3.01%     21.34% |        1890      3.15%     24.49% |        1855      3.10%     27.58% |        1865      3.11%     30.70% |        1884      3.14%     33.84% |        1932      3.22%     37.06% |        1920      3.20%     40.27% |        1886      3.15%     43.41% |        1898      3.17%     46.58% |        1888      3.15%     49.73% |        1894      3.16%     52.89% |        1897      3.17%     56.06% |        1909      3.19%     59.24% |        1956      3.26%     62.50% |        1928      3.22%     65.72% |        1901      3.17%     68.89% |        1890      3.15%     72.05% |        1893      3.16%     75.21% |        1905      3.18%     78.38% |        1854      3.09%     81.48% |        1867      3.12%     84.59% |        1855      3.10%     87.69% |        1852      3.09%     90.78% |        1827      3.05%     93.83% |        1824      3.04%     96.87% |        1876      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        59933                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2615      3.12%      3.12% |        2605      3.10%      6.22% |        2609      3.11%      9.33% |        2633      3.14%     12.46% |        2632      3.14%     15.60% |        2628      3.13%     18.73% |        2589      3.08%     21.82% |        2701      3.22%     25.03% |        2590      3.09%     28.12% |        2633      3.14%     31.26% |        2606      3.10%     34.36% |        2688      3.20%     37.56% |        2606      3.10%     40.67% |        2602      3.10%     43.77% |        2620      3.12%     46.89% |        2621      3.12%     50.01% |        2553      3.04%     53.06% |        2622      3.12%     56.18% |        2599      3.10%     59.28% |        2657      3.17%     62.44% |        2558      3.05%     65.49% |        2624      3.13%     68.62% |        2617      3.12%     71.73% |        2646      3.15%     74.89% |        2613      3.11%     78.00% |        2661      3.17%     81.17% |        2625      3.13%     84.30% |        2624      3.13%     87.42% |        2605      3.10%     90.53% |        2637      3.14%     93.67% |        2605      3.10%     96.77% |        2708      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        83932                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2376      3.15%      3.15% |        2297      3.04%      6.19% |        2315      3.07%      9.25% |        2343      3.10%     12.36% |        2332      3.09%     15.45% |        2245      2.97%     18.42% |        2294      3.04%     21.46% |        2411      3.19%     24.65% |        2321      3.07%     27.72% |        2322      3.08%     30.80% |        2386      3.16%     33.96% |        2423      3.21%     37.17% |        2441      3.23%     40.40% |        2371      3.14%     43.54% |        2385      3.16%     46.70% |        2374      3.14%     49.84% |        2368      3.14%     52.98% |        2373      3.14%     56.12% |        2369      3.14%     59.26% |        2379      3.15%     62.41% |        2360      3.13%     65.53% |        2404      3.18%     68.72% |        2338      3.10%     71.81% |        2337      3.09%     74.91% |        2405      3.19%     78.09% |        2387      3.16%     81.26% |        2379      3.15%     84.41% |        2318      3.07%     87.48% |        2358      3.12%     90.60% |        2351      3.11%     93.71% |        2362      3.13%     96.84% |        2386      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        75510                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        1829      3.05%      3.05% |        1825      3.05%      6.10% |        1839      3.07%      9.17% |        1853      3.09%     12.26% |        1847      3.08%     15.34% |        1788      2.98%     18.32% |        1804      3.01%     21.33% |        1890      3.15%     24.49% |        1854      3.09%     27.58% |        1865      3.11%     30.69% |        1884      3.14%     33.84% |        1932      3.22%     37.06% |        1920      3.20%     40.26% |        1886      3.15%     43.41% |        1898      3.17%     46.58% |        1888      3.15%     49.73% |        1894      3.16%     52.89% |        1897      3.17%     56.05% |        1909      3.19%     59.24% |        1955      3.26%     62.50% |        1928      3.22%     65.72% |        1901      3.17%     68.89% |        1890      3.15%     72.05% |        1893      3.16%     75.20% |        1904      3.18%     78.38% |        1856      3.10%     81.48% |        1867      3.12%     84.59% |        1855      3.10%     87.69% |        1852      3.09%     90.78% |        1827      3.05%     93.83% |        1824      3.04%     96.87% |        1875      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        59929                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      153685      5.67%      5.67% |       83841      3.09%      8.76% |       82442      3.04%     11.81% |       83175      3.07%     14.87% |       82063      3.03%     17.90% |       81764      3.02%     20.92% |       81977      3.02%     23.94% |       81526      3.01%     26.95% |       81972      3.02%     29.97% |       83179      3.07%     33.04% |       84355      3.11%     36.16% |       83194      3.07%     39.23% |       82452      3.04%     42.27% |       81363      3.00%     45.27% |       80781      2.98%     48.25% |       81190      3.00%     51.25% |       82393      3.04%     54.29% |       82003      3.03%     57.31% |       82645      3.05%     60.36% |       82447      3.04%     63.40% |       82209      3.03%     66.43% |       84432      3.12%     69.55% |       82291      3.04%     72.59% |       81834      3.02%     75.61% |       81942      3.02%     78.63% |       82353      3.04%     81.67% |       82119      3.03%     84.70% |       81587      3.01%     87.71% |       81810      3.02%     90.73% |       81383      3.00%     93.73% |       84230      3.11%     96.84% |       85773      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2710410                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         174     11.42%     11.42% |          48      3.15%     14.57% |          44      2.89%     17.45% |          44      2.89%     20.34% |          40      2.62%     22.97% |          42      2.76%     25.72% |          44      2.89%     28.61% |          44      2.89%     31.50% |          44      2.89%     34.38% |          46      3.02%     37.40% |          42      2.76%     40.16% |          42      2.76%     42.91% |          42      2.76%     45.67% |          42      2.76%     48.43% |          42      2.76%     51.18% |          42      2.76%     53.94% |          42      2.76%     56.69% |          44      2.89%     59.58% |          44      2.89%     62.47% |          44      2.89%     65.35% |          44      2.89%     68.24% |          46      3.02%     71.26% |          44      2.89%     74.15% |          42      2.76%     76.90% |          44      2.89%     79.79% |          46      3.02%     82.81% |          44      2.89%     85.70% |          42      2.76%     88.45% |          42      2.76%     91.21% |          44      2.89%     94.09% |          44      2.89%     96.98% |          46      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1524                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         470      3.24%      3.24% |         417      2.88%      6.12% |         425      2.93%      9.05% |         421      2.90%     11.95% |         431      2.97%     14.92% |         407      2.81%     17.73% |         430      2.96%     20.69% |         476      3.28%     23.97% |         447      3.08%     27.06% |         432      2.98%     30.04% |         459      3.16%     33.20% |         460      3.17%     36.37% |         488      3.36%     39.74% |         470      3.24%     42.98% |         480      3.31%     46.29% |         468      3.23%     49.51% |         480      3.31%     52.82% |         484      3.34%     56.16% |         481      3.32%     59.48% |         450      3.10%     62.58% |         437      3.01%     65.59% |         463      3.19%     68.79% |         426      2.94%     71.72% |         427      2.94%     74.67% |         475      3.28%     77.94% |         497      3.43%     81.37% |         475      3.28%     84.64% |         430      2.96%     87.61% |         449      3.10%     90.71% |         466      3.21%     93.92% |         458      3.16%     97.08% |         424      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        14503                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       24685      4.23%      4.23% |       18064      3.10%      7.33% |       18109      3.10%     10.43% |       18052      3.09%     13.53% |       18001      3.09%     16.61% |       17961      3.08%     19.69% |       17990      3.08%     22.78% |       18038      3.09%     25.87% |       18030      3.09%     28.96% |       18072      3.10%     32.06% |       18127      3.11%     35.16% |       18008      3.09%     38.25% |       17996      3.09%     41.34% |       17989      3.08%     44.42% |       18016      3.09%     47.51% |       18006      3.09%     50.60% |       17998      3.09%     53.68% |       17978      3.08%     56.76% |       18001      3.09%     59.85% |       17990      3.08%     62.93% |       17994      3.08%     66.02% |       18017      3.09%     69.11% |       18058      3.10%     72.20% |       18016      3.09%     75.29% |       18037      3.09%     78.38% |       18026      3.09%     81.47% |       18042      3.09%     84.57% |       18007      3.09%     87.65% |       18017      3.09%     90.74% |       17990      3.08%     93.83% |       17972      3.08%     96.91% |       18047      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       583334                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       21995      3.13%      3.13% |       21946      3.12%      6.26% |       21946      3.12%      9.38% |       21956      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21950      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21954      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21947      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21956      3.13%     56.25% |       21954      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21973      3.13%     65.63% |       21986      3.13%     68.75% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21960      3.13%     84.38% |       21942      3.12%     87.50% |       21943      3.12%     90.63% |       21945      3.12%     93.75% |       21954      3.13%     96.88% |       21937      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       702462                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.70%      3.70% |           2      7.41%     11.11% |           1      3.70%     14.81% |           0      0.00%     14.81% |           2      7.41%     22.22% |           2      7.41%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           1      3.70%     33.33% |           1      3.70%     37.04% |           1      3.70%     40.74% |           2      7.41%     48.15% |           0      0.00%     48.15% |           0      0.00%     48.15% |           0      0.00%     48.15% |           0      0.00%     48.15% |           0      0.00%     48.15% |           0      0.00%     48.15% |           2      7.41%     55.56% |           4     14.81%     70.37% |           0      0.00%     70.37% |           0      0.00%     70.37% |           0      0.00%     70.37% |           0      0.00%     70.37% |           1      3.70%     74.07% |           1      3.70%     77.78% |           1      3.70%     81.48% |           1      3.70%     85.19% |           3     11.11%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           1      3.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3380      3.10%      3.10% |        3265      3.00%      6.10% |        2996      2.75%      8.85% |        3066      2.82%     11.67% |        3043      2.79%     14.47% |        3558      3.27%     17.73% |        3265      3.00%     20.73% |        2812      2.58%     23.31% |        3062      2.81%     26.13% |        4674      4.29%     30.42% |        3411      3.13%     33.55% |        3329      3.06%     36.61% |        2989      2.75%     39.35% |        3914      3.59%     42.95% |        3345      3.07%     46.02% |        3310      3.04%     49.06% |        3632      3.34%     52.40% |        3663      3.36%     55.76% |        3162      2.90%     58.67% |        2880      2.65%     61.31% |        2631      2.42%     63.73% |        3271      3.00%     66.73% |        3086      2.83%     69.57% |        2926      2.69%     72.25% |        3121      2.87%     75.12% |        3218      2.96%     78.08% |        2761      2.54%     80.61% |        4179      3.84%     84.45% |        3520      3.23%     87.68% |        4763      4.37%     92.06% |        4635      4.26%     96.31% |        4014      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108881                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        4336      3.06%      3.06% |        4302      3.03%      6.09% |        4375      3.08%      9.17% |        4382      3.09%     12.26% |        4470      3.15%     15.41% |        4552      3.21%     18.62% |        4320      3.04%     21.67% |        4451      3.14%     24.80% |        4321      3.05%     27.85% |        4326      3.05%     30.90% |        4329      3.05%     33.95% |        4480      3.16%     37.11% |        4462      3.15%     40.25% |        4455      3.14%     43.39% |        4442      3.13%     46.52% |        4397      3.10%     49.62% |        4342      3.06%     52.68% |        4460      3.14%     55.83% |        4500      3.17%     59.00% |        4550      3.21%     62.21% |        4385      3.09%     65.30% |        4535      3.20%     68.49% |        4525      3.19%     71.68% |        4491      3.17%     74.85% |        4384      3.09%     77.94% |        4567      3.22%     81.16% |        4511      3.18%     84.34% |        4494      3.17%     87.50% |        4435      3.13%     90.63% |        4427      3.12%     93.75% |        4395      3.10%     96.85% |        4471      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total       141872                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      4.00%      4.00% |           4     16.00%     20.00% |           2      8.00%     28.00% |           4     16.00%     44.00% |           1      4.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           1      4.00%     52.00% |           1      4.00%     56.00% |           0      0.00%     56.00% |           4     16.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           5     20.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           1      4.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           4      1.18%      1.18% |           9      2.65%      3.82% |           6      1.76%      5.59% |          10      2.94%      8.53% |           6      1.76%     10.29% |          10      2.94%     13.24% |           3      0.88%     14.12% |          11      3.24%     17.35% |          15      4.41%     21.76% |           8      2.35%     24.12% |           4      1.18%     25.29% |          12      3.53%     28.82% |           7      2.06%     30.88% |           6      1.76%     32.65% |          16      4.71%     37.35% |           6      1.76%     39.12% |          12      3.53%     42.65% |           5      1.47%     44.12% |          15      4.41%     48.53% |          17      5.00%     53.53% |          17      5.00%     58.53% |          10      2.94%     61.47% |          20      5.88%     67.35% |          11      3.24%     70.59% |          18      5.29%     75.88% |          11      3.24%     79.12% |          10      2.94%     82.06% |          19      5.59%     87.65% |          10      2.94%     90.59% |          13      3.82%     94.41% |           9      2.65%     97.06% |          10      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total          340                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2279      3.14%      3.14% |        2216      3.05%      6.19% |        2236      3.08%      9.26% |        2260      3.11%     12.38% |        2255      3.10%     15.48% |        2160      2.97%     18.45% |        2211      3.04%     21.50% |        2319      3.19%     24.69% |        2248      3.09%     27.78% |        2233      3.07%     30.86% |        2273      3.13%     33.98% |        2331      3.21%     37.19% |        2345      3.23%     40.42% |        2277      3.13%     43.56% |        2297      3.16%     46.72% |        2279      3.14%     49.85% |        2289      3.15%     53.00% |        2288      3.15%     56.15% |        2295      3.16%     59.31% |        2306      3.17%     62.49% |        2275      3.13%     65.62% |        2279      3.14%     68.76% |        2243      3.09%     71.84% |        2252      3.10%     74.94% |        2321      3.19%     78.14% |        2305      3.17%     81.31% |        2287      3.15%     84.46% |        2231      3.07%     87.53% |        2260      3.11%     90.64% |        2264      3.12%     93.76% |        2262      3.11%     96.87% |        2274      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        72650                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.15%      5.15% |           8      8.25%     13.40% |           7      7.22%     20.62% |           8      8.25%     28.87% |           2      2.06%     30.93% |           6      6.19%     37.11% |           5      5.15%     42.27% |           1      1.03%     43.30% |           0      0.00%     43.30% |           1      1.03%     44.33% |           3      3.09%     47.42% |           3      3.09%     50.52% |           4      4.12%     54.64% |           0      0.00%     54.64% |           7      7.22%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           1      1.03%     62.89% |          11     11.34%     74.23% |           4      4.12%     78.35% |           1      1.03%     79.38% |           0      0.00%     79.38% |           2      2.06%     81.44% |           2      2.06%     83.51% |           4      4.12%     87.63% |           5      5.15%     92.78% |           2      2.06%     94.85% |           1      1.03%     95.88% |           2      2.06%     97.94% |           0      0.00%     97.94% |           1      1.03%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       87045      8.15%      8.15% |       32723      3.07%     11.22% |       31543      2.95%     14.17% |       32233      3.02%     17.19% |       31567      2.96%     20.15% |       31372      2.94%     23.09% |       31196      2.92%     26.01% |       30977      2.90%     28.91% |       31315      2.93%     31.85% |       31723      2.97%     34.82% |       33575      3.14%     37.96% |       32569      3.05%     41.01% |       31825      2.98%     43.99% |       31040      2.91%     46.90% |       30416      2.85%     49.75% |       30717      2.88%     52.63% |       31798      2.98%     55.61% |       31362      2.94%     58.54% |       31587      2.96%     61.50% |       31522      2.95%     64.46% |       31677      2.97%     67.42% |       32657      3.06%     70.48% |       31577      2.96%     73.44% |       30947      2.90%     76.34% |       31166      2.92%     79.26% |       31484      2.95%     82.21% |       31067      2.91%     85.12% |       30731      2.88%     88.00% |       31330      2.93%     90.93% |       30821      2.89%     93.82% |       31576      2.96%     96.77% |       34434      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      1067572                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       19205      5.77%      5.77% |       10331      3.10%      8.87% |       10095      3.03%     11.91% |       10195      3.06%     14.97% |        9836      2.95%     17.92% |        9706      2.92%     20.84% |       10114      3.04%     23.88% |        9818      2.95%     26.83% |        9936      2.98%     29.81% |       10668      3.20%     33.02% |        9988      3.00%     36.02% |        9915      2.98%     39.00% |        9955      2.99%     41.99% |        9625      2.89%     44.88% |        9680      2.91%     47.79% |        9790      2.94%     50.73% |        9903      2.98%     53.70% |        9945      2.99%     56.69% |       10342      3.11%     59.80% |       10234      3.07%     62.87% |        9811      2.95%     65.82% |       10976      3.30%     69.12% |        9948      2.99%     72.11% |       10162      3.05%     75.16% |       10026      3.01%     78.17% |       10125      3.04%     81.21% |       10279      3.09%     84.30% |       10167      3.05%     87.36% |        9757      2.93%     90.29% |        9825      2.95%     93.24% |       11948      3.59%     96.83% |       10560      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       332865                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       28171      4.02%      4.02% |       21662      3.09%      7.12% |       21673      3.10%     10.21% |       21667      3.10%     13.31% |       21658      3.09%     16.40% |       21648      3.09%     19.50% |       21650      3.09%     22.59% |       21682      3.10%     25.69% |       21690      3.10%     28.78% |       21676      3.10%     31.88% |       21674      3.10%     34.98% |       21676      3.10%     38.07% |       21667      3.10%     41.17% |       21661      3.09%     44.26% |       21650      3.09%     47.35% |       21672      3.10%     50.45% |       21704      3.10%     53.55% |       21682      3.10%     56.65% |       21676      3.10%     59.74% |       21667      3.10%     62.84% |       21671      3.10%     65.93% |       21692      3.10%     69.03% |       21670      3.10%     72.13% |       21693      3.10%     75.23% |       21705      3.10%     78.33% |       21693      3.10%     81.43% |       21686      3.10%     84.52% |       21667      3.10%     87.62% |       21676      3.10%     90.72% |       21670      3.10%     93.81% |       21658      3.09%     96.91% |       21666      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       700053                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       15481      3.16%      3.16% |       15405      3.14%      6.30% |       15417      3.14%      9.44% |       15348      3.13%     12.57% |       15321      3.12%     15.69% |       15358      3.13%     18.82% |       15343      3.13%     21.95% |       15308      3.12%     25.07% |       15363      3.13%     28.21% |       15395      3.14%     31.35% |       15384      3.14%     34.48% |       15261      3.11%     37.59% |       15261      3.11%     40.70% |       15302      3.12%     43.82% |       15327      3.12%     46.95% |       15312      3.12%     50.07% |       15302      3.12%     53.19% |       15305      3.12%     56.31% |       15317      3.12%     59.43% |       15264      3.11%     62.55% |       15283      3.12%     65.66% |       15273      3.11%     68.78% |       15342      3.13%     71.90% |       15302      3.12%     75.02% |       15301      3.12%     78.14% |       15334      3.13%     81.27% |       15341      3.13%     84.40% |       15325      3.12%     87.52% |       15307      3.12%     90.64% |       15311      3.12%     93.77% |       15284      3.12%     96.88% |       15295      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       490472                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        1829      3.05%      3.05% |        1825      3.05%      6.10% |        1839      3.07%      9.17% |        1853      3.09%     12.26% |        1847      3.08%     15.34% |        1788      2.98%     18.32% |        1804      3.01%     21.33% |        1890      3.15%     24.49% |        1854      3.09%     27.58% |        1865      3.11%     30.69% |        1884      3.14%     33.84% |        1932      3.22%     37.06% |        1920      3.20%     40.26% |        1886      3.15%     43.41% |        1898      3.17%     46.58% |        1888      3.15%     49.73% |        1894      3.16%     52.89% |        1897      3.17%     56.05% |        1909      3.19%     59.24% |        1955      3.26%     62.50% |        1928      3.22%     65.72% |        1901      3.17%     68.89% |        1890      3.15%     72.05% |        1893      3.16%     75.20% |        1904      3.18%     78.38% |        1856      3.10%     81.48% |        1867      3.12%     84.59% |        1855      3.10%     87.69% |        1852      3.09%     90.78% |        1827      3.05%     93.83% |        1824      3.04%     96.87% |        1875      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        59929                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         761      3.06%      3.06% |         783      3.15%      6.21% |         759      3.05%      9.26% |         762      3.06%     12.32% |         747      3.00%     15.32% |         799      3.21%     18.54% |         767      3.08%     21.62% |         787      3.16%     24.78% |         767      3.08%     27.87% |         783      3.15%     31.01% |         751      3.02%     34.03% |         772      3.10%     37.14% |         770      3.10%     40.23% |         808      3.25%     43.48% |         775      3.12%     46.60% |         789      3.17%     49.77% |         786      3.16%     52.93% |         784      3.15%     56.08% |         772      3.10%     59.18% |         762      3.06%     62.24% |         775      3.12%     65.36% |         814      3.27%     68.63% |         783      3.15%     71.78% |         777      3.12%     74.90% |         769      3.09%     77.99% |         777      3.12%     81.12% |         778      3.13%     84.25% |         749      3.01%     87.26% |         772      3.10%     90.36% |         808      3.25%     93.61% |         789      3.17%     96.78% |         801      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total        24876                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      150817      5.76%      5.76% |       81029      3.09%      8.85% |       79629      3.04%     11.89% |       80350      3.07%     14.96% |       79266      3.03%     17.99% |       78963      3.02%     21.00% |       79182      3.02%     24.03% |       78640      3.00%     27.03% |       79160      3.02%     30.05% |       80325      3.07%     33.12% |       81468      3.11%     36.23% |       80273      3.07%     39.30% |       79550      3.04%     42.34% |       78455      3.00%     45.33% |       77901      2.97%     48.31% |       78306      2.99%     51.30% |       79531      3.04%     54.33% |       79129      3.02%     57.35% |       79771      3.05%     60.40% |       79536      3.04%     63.44% |       79283      3.03%     66.47% |       81452      3.11%     69.58% |       79399      3.03%     72.61% |       78969      3.02%     75.62% |       79074      3.02%     78.64% |       79531      3.04%     81.68% |       79256      3.03%     84.71% |       78775      3.01%     87.71% |       78959      3.02%     90.73% |       78535      3.00%     93.73% |       81376      3.11%     96.84% |       82866      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2618756                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           2      4.88%      4.88% |           2      4.88%      9.76% |           0      0.00%      9.76% |           3      7.32%     17.07% |           0      0.00%     17.07% |           0      0.00%     17.07% |           1      2.44%     19.51% |           1      2.44%     21.95% |           3      7.32%     29.27% |           2      4.88%     34.15% |           0      0.00%     34.15% |           0      0.00%     34.15% |           0      0.00%     34.15% |           1      2.44%     36.59% |           0      0.00%     36.59% |           1      2.44%     39.02% |           1      2.44%     41.46% |           4      9.76%     51.22% |           0      0.00%     51.22% |           5     12.20%     63.41% |           0      0.00%     63.41% |           1      2.44%     65.85% |           1      2.44%     68.29% |           2      4.88%     73.17% |           3      7.32%     80.49% |           1      2.44%     82.93% |           1      2.44%     85.37% |           2      4.88%     90.24% |           1      2.44%     92.68% |           1      2.44%     95.12% |           1      2.44%     97.56% |           1      2.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total           41                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           6      1.24%      1.24% |          11      2.28%      3.53% |          18      3.73%      7.26% |          16      3.32%     10.58% |          13      2.70%     13.28% |          20      4.15%     17.43% |          27      5.60%     23.03% |           9      1.87%     24.90% |           5      1.04%     25.93% |          11      2.28%     28.22% |          29      6.02%     34.23% |          14      2.90%     37.14% |          10      2.07%     39.21% |          13      2.70%     41.91% |          21      4.36%     46.27% |           7      1.45%     47.72% |           7      1.45%     49.17% |           9      1.87%     51.04% |          20      4.15%     55.19% |          22      4.56%     59.75% |          18      3.73%     63.49% |          18      3.73%     67.22% |          28      5.81%     73.03% |           7      1.45%     74.48% |          10      2.07%     76.56% |           9      1.87%     78.42% |          15      3.11%     81.54% |          18      3.73%     85.27% |          18      3.73%     89.00% |          19      3.94%     92.95% |          22      4.56%     97.51% |          12      2.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          482                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         102      3.30%      3.30% |          83      2.68%      5.98% |          89      2.88%      8.86% |          91      2.94%     11.80% |          80      2.59%     14.38% |          85      2.75%     17.13% |          93      3.01%     20.14% |          93      3.01%     23.14% |          79      2.55%     25.69% |          95      3.07%     28.77% |         118      3.81%     32.58% |         104      3.36%     35.94% |         102      3.30%     39.24% |         104      3.36%     42.60% |          96      3.10%     45.70% |         100      3.23%     48.93% |          81      2.62%     51.55% |          88      2.84%     54.40% |          81      2.62%     57.01% |          85      2.75%     59.76% |         111      3.59%     63.35% |         157      5.07%     68.42% |          99      3.20%     71.62% |          94      3.04%     74.66% |          88      2.84%     77.50% |          82      2.65%     80.16% |         102      3.30%     83.45% |          93      3.01%     86.46% |         103      3.33%     89.79% |          91      2.94%     92.73% |         112      3.62%     96.35% |         113      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         3094                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27     38.57%     38.57% |           0      0.00%     38.57% |           0      0.00%     38.57% |           0      0.00%     38.57% |           0      0.00%     38.57% |           0      0.00%     38.57% |           0      0.00%     38.57% |           0      0.00%     38.57% |           0      0.00%     38.57% |           0      0.00%     38.57% |           0      0.00%     38.57% |           0      0.00%     38.57% |           0      0.00%     38.57% |           0      0.00%     38.57% |           0      0.00%     38.57% |           0      0.00%     38.57% |           0      0.00%     38.57% |           0      0.00%     38.57% |           0      0.00%     38.57% |           0      0.00%     38.57% |           0      0.00%     38.57% |          14     20.00%     58.57% |          13     18.57%     77.14% |          16     22.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           70                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           1      0.95%      0.95% |           0      0.00%      0.95% |           1      0.95%      1.90% |           2      1.90%      3.81% |           0      0.00%      3.81% |           0      0.00%      3.81% |           0      0.00%      3.81% |           0      0.00%      3.81% |           0      0.00%      3.81% |           2      1.90%      5.71% |          20     19.05%     24.76% |           2      1.90%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           1      0.95%     27.62% |           0      0.00%     27.62% |           1      0.95%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      0.95%     29.52% |           0      0.00%     29.52% |           0      0.00%     29.52% |           0      0.00%     29.52% |          54     51.43%     80.95% |          11     10.48%     91.43% |           1      0.95%     92.38% |           2      1.90%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           2      1.90%     96.19% |           0      0.00%     96.19% |           1      0.95%     97.14% |           1      0.95%     98.10% |           1      0.95%     99.05% |           1      0.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          105                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       46126      3.64%      3.64% |       39403      3.11%      6.75% |       39456      3.11%      9.86% |       39405      3.11%     12.97% |       39348      3.10%     16.07% |       39294      3.10%     19.17% |       39347      3.10%     22.28% |       39433      3.11%     25.39% |       39407      3.11%     28.50% |       39434      3.11%     31.61% |       39500      3.12%     34.73% |       39407      3.11%     37.83% |       39407      3.11%     40.94% |       39378      3.11%     44.05% |       39413      3.11%     47.16% |       39391      3.11%     50.27% |       39404      3.11%     53.38% |       39394      3.11%     56.48% |       39412      3.11%     59.59% |       39366      3.11%     62.70% |       39380      3.11%     65.81% |       39442      3.11%     68.92% |       39404      3.11%     72.03% |       39369      3.11%     75.13% |       39448      3.11%     78.24% |       39449      3.11%     81.36% |       39453      3.11%     84.47% |       39355      3.10%     87.57% |       39385      3.11%     90.68% |       39377      3.11%     93.79% |       39360      3.11%     96.89% |       39384      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1267531                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      8.33%      8.33% |           1      8.33%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1      8.33%     25.00% |           1      8.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      8.33%     41.67% |           1      8.33%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     16.67%     66.67% |           1      8.33%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1      8.33%     83.33% |           2     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          57     11.56%     11.56% |           9      1.83%     13.39% |          17      3.45%     16.84% |          15      3.04%     19.88% |          12      2.43%     22.31% |          18      3.65%     25.96% |          26      5.27%     31.24% |           8      1.62%     32.86% |           3      0.61%     33.47% |          10      2.03%     35.50% |          26      5.27%     40.77% |          14      2.84%     43.61% |          10      2.03%     45.64% |          13      2.64%     48.28% |          21      4.26%     52.54% |           7      1.42%     53.96% |           7      1.42%     55.38% |           8      1.62%     57.00% |          19      3.85%     60.85% |          22      4.46%     65.31% |          17      3.45%     68.76% |          14      2.84%     71.60% |          25      5.07%     76.67% |           7      1.42%     78.09% |           9      1.83%     79.92% |           8      1.62%     81.54% |          14      2.84%     84.38% |          15      3.04%     87.42% |          15      3.04%     90.47% |          17      3.45%     93.91% |          21      4.26%     98.17% |           9      1.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          493                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      6.98%      6.98% |           2      4.65%     11.63% |           1      2.33%     13.95% |           1      2.33%     16.28% |           1      2.33%     18.60% |           2      4.65%     23.26% |           1      2.33%     25.58% |           1      2.33%     27.91% |           2      4.65%     32.56% |           1      2.33%     34.88% |           3      6.98%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           1      2.33%     44.19% |           1      2.33%     46.51% |           0      0.00%     46.51% |           1      2.33%     48.84% |           4      9.30%     58.14% |           3      6.98%     65.12% |           0      0.00%     65.12% |           1      2.33%     67.44% |           1      2.33%     69.77% |           1      2.33%     72.09% |           3      6.98%     79.07% |           3      6.98%     86.05% |           2      4.65%     90.70% |           1      2.33%     93.02% |           3      6.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           43                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           8     80.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     16.67%     16.67% |          20     83.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           24                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.67%      6.67% |           1      6.67%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           1      6.67%     20.00% |           1      6.67%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           1      6.67%     33.33% |           1      6.67%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1      6.67%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           3     20.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      6.67%     73.33% |           1      6.67%     80.00% |           1      6.67%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           1      6.67%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           1      6.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           15                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           8      2.77%      2.77% |           6      2.08%      4.84% |          12      4.15%      9.00% |           9      3.11%     12.11% |           5      1.73%     13.84% |           4      1.38%     15.22% |          11      3.81%     19.03% |           2      0.69%     19.72% |           7      2.42%     22.15% |           8      2.77%     24.91% |           9      3.11%     28.03% |          12      4.15%     32.18% |           7      2.42%     34.60% |          10      3.46%     38.06% |           9      3.11%     41.18% |           5      1.73%     42.91% |           2      0.69%     43.60% |           4      1.38%     44.98% |           9      3.11%     48.10% |          11      3.81%     51.90% |          27      9.34%     61.25% |          36     12.46%     73.70% |           7      2.42%     76.12% |           9      3.11%     79.24% |           5      1.73%     80.97% |           4      1.38%     82.35% |          11      3.81%     86.16% |           9      3.11%     89.27% |           8      2.77%     92.04% |           6      2.08%     94.12% |          13      4.50%     98.62% |           4      1.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          289                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          94      3.36%      3.36% |          77      2.75%      6.11% |          77      2.75%      8.86% |          81      2.89%     11.75% |          75      2.68%     14.43% |          81      2.89%     17.33% |          81      2.89%     20.22% |          91      3.25%     23.47% |          71      2.54%     26.01% |          87      3.11%     29.12% |         109      3.89%     33.01% |          92      3.29%     36.30% |          95      3.39%     39.69% |          94      3.36%     43.05% |          87      3.11%     46.16% |          95      3.39%     49.55% |          79      2.82%     52.38% |          84      3.00%     55.38% |          72      2.57%     57.95% |          73      2.61%     60.56% |          84      3.00%     63.56% |         121      4.32%     67.88% |          92      3.29%     71.17% |          85      3.04%     74.21% |          82      2.93%     77.13% |          78      2.79%     79.92% |          91      3.25%     83.17% |          84      3.00%     86.17% |          95      3.39%     89.57% |          85      3.04%     92.60% |          99      3.54%     96.14% |         108      3.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         2799                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        2615      3.12%      3.12% |        2605      3.10%      6.22% |        2609      3.11%      9.33% |        2633      3.14%     12.47% |        2632      3.14%     15.60% |        2628      3.13%     18.73% |        2589      3.08%     21.82% |        2701      3.22%     25.04% |        2590      3.09%     28.12% |        2633      3.14%     31.26% |        2606      3.10%     34.36% |        2688      3.20%     37.57% |        2606      3.10%     40.67% |        2602      3.10%     43.77% |        2620      3.12%     46.89% |        2621      3.12%     50.02% |        2553      3.04%     53.06% |        2622      3.12%     56.18% |        2599      3.10%     59.28% |        2657      3.17%     62.44% |        2558      3.05%     65.49% |        2624      3.13%     68.62% |        2617      3.12%     71.74% |        2646      3.15%     74.89% |        2613      3.11%     78.00% |        2659      3.17%     81.17% |        2625      3.13%     84.30% |        2624      3.13%     87.42% |        2605      3.10%     90.53% |        2637      3.14%     93.67% |        2605      3.10%     96.77% |        2708      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        83930                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2279      3.14%      3.14% |        2216      3.05%      6.19% |        2236      3.08%      9.26% |        2260      3.11%     12.38% |        2255      3.10%     15.48% |        2160      2.97%     18.45% |        2211      3.04%     21.50% |        2319      3.19%     24.69% |        2248      3.09%     27.78% |        2233      3.07%     30.86% |        2273      3.13%     33.98% |        2331      3.21%     37.19% |        2345      3.23%     40.42% |        2277      3.13%     43.56% |        2297      3.16%     46.72% |        2279      3.14%     49.85% |        2289      3.15%     53.00% |        2288      3.15%     56.15% |        2295      3.16%     59.31% |        2306      3.17%     62.49% |        2275      3.13%     65.62% |        2279      3.14%     68.76% |        2243      3.09%     71.84% |        2252      3.10%     74.94% |        2321      3.19%     78.14% |        2305      3.17%     81.31% |        2287      3.15%     84.46% |        2231      3.07%     87.53% |        2260      3.11%     90.64% |        2264      3.12%     93.76% |        2262      3.11%     96.87% |        2274      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        72650                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           8      1.07%      1.07% |          10      1.34%      2.42% |          16      2.15%      4.56% |          28      3.76%      8.32% |          29      3.89%     12.21% |          24      3.22%     15.44% |          41      5.50%     20.94% |          37      4.97%     25.91% |          30      4.03%     29.93% |          22      2.95%     32.89% |          25      3.36%     36.24% |          33      4.43%     40.67% |          45      6.04%     46.71% |          42      5.64%     52.35% |          52      6.98%     59.33% |          53      7.11%     66.44% |          42      5.64%     72.08% |          22      2.95%     75.03% |          20      2.68%     77.72% |          13      1.74%     79.46% |          21      2.82%     82.28% |          18      2.42%     84.70% |          19      2.55%     87.25% |          18      2.42%     89.66% |          17      2.28%     91.95% |           9      1.21%     93.15% |           8      1.07%     94.23% |          10      1.34%     95.57% |          11      1.48%     97.05% |           6      0.81%     97.85% |          10      1.34%     99.19% |           6      0.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total          745                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       24677      4.24%      4.24% |       18054      3.10%      7.33% |       18093      3.11%     10.44% |       18024      3.09%     13.53% |       17972      3.08%     16.62% |       17937      3.08%     19.70% |       17949      3.08%     22.78% |       18001      3.09%     25.87% |       18000      3.09%     28.96% |       18050      3.10%     32.06% |       18102      3.11%     35.16% |       17975      3.09%     38.25% |       17951      3.08%     41.33% |       17947      3.08%     44.41% |       17964      3.08%     47.49% |       17953      3.08%     50.58% |       17956      3.08%     53.66% |       17956      3.08%     56.74% |       17981      3.09%     59.83% |       17977      3.09%     62.91% |       17973      3.09%     66.00% |       17999      3.09%     69.09% |       18039      3.10%     72.18% |       17998      3.09%     75.27% |       18020      3.09%     78.37% |       18017      3.09%     81.46% |       18034      3.10%     84.55% |       17997      3.09%     87.64% |       18006      3.09%     90.73% |       17984      3.09%     93.82% |       17962      3.08%     96.90% |       18041      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       582589                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         478      3.13%      3.13% |         427      2.80%      5.94% |         441      2.89%      8.83% |         449      2.94%     11.77% |         460      3.02%     14.79% |         431      2.83%     17.62% |         471      3.09%     20.70% |         513      3.36%     24.07% |         477      3.13%     27.20% |         454      2.98%     30.17% |         484      3.17%     33.35% |         493      3.23%     36.58% |         533      3.50%     40.08% |         512      3.36%     43.44% |         532      3.49%     46.92% |         521      3.42%     50.34% |         522      3.42%     53.76% |         506      3.32%     57.08% |         501      3.29%     60.37% |         463      3.04%     63.41% |         458      3.00%     66.41% |         481      3.15%     69.56% |         445      2.92%     72.48% |         445      2.92%     75.40% |         492      3.23%     78.63% |         506      3.32%     81.95% |         483      3.17%     85.11% |         440      2.89%     88.00% |         460      3.02%     91.02% |         472      3.10%     94.11% |         468      3.07%     97.18% |         430      2.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15248                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       21995      3.13%      3.13% |       21946      3.12%      6.26% |       21946      3.12%      9.38% |       21956      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21950      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21954      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21947      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21956      3.13%     56.25% |       21954      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21973      3.13%     65.63% |       21986      3.13%     68.75% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21960      3.13%     84.38% |       21942      3.12%     87.50% |       21943      3.12%     90.63% |       21945      3.12%     93.75% |       21954      3.13%     96.88% |       21937      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       702462                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.35%      4.35% |           4      8.70%     13.04% |           6     13.04%     26.09% |           5     10.87%     36.96% |           1      2.17%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           1      2.17%     41.30% |           1      2.17%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           4      8.70%     52.17% |           0      0.00%     52.17% |           5     10.87%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           9     19.57%     82.61% |           2      4.35%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           1      2.17%     89.13% |           0      0.00%     89.13% |           1      2.17%     91.30% |           1      2.17%     93.48% |           2      4.35%     97.83% |           0      0.00%     97.83% |           1      2.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           46                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |          14      2.65%      2.65% |           8      1.52%      4.17% |          14      2.65%      6.82% |          15      2.84%      9.66% |          15      2.84%     12.50% |          10      1.89%     14.39% |           6      1.14%     15.53% |          13      2.46%     17.99% |          12      2.27%     20.27% |          21      3.98%     24.24% |          27      5.11%     29.36% |          17      3.22%     32.58% |          13      2.46%     35.04% |          14      2.65%     37.69% |          11      2.08%     39.77% |          10      1.89%     41.67% |          19      3.60%     45.27% |          16      3.03%     48.30% |          28      5.30%     53.60% |          25      4.73%     58.33% |          23      4.36%     62.69% |          19      3.60%     66.29% |          16      3.03%     69.32% |          33      6.25%     75.57% |          15      2.84%     78.41% |          11      2.08%     80.49% |          16      3.03%     83.52% |          24      4.55%     88.07% |          16      3.03%     91.10% |          17      3.22%     94.32% |          13      2.46%     96.78% |          17      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total          528                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           3      5.45%      5.45% |           3      5.45%     10.91% |           0      0.00%     10.91% |           3      5.45%     16.36% |           0      0.00%     16.36% |           1      1.82%     18.18% |           1      1.82%     20.00% |           1      1.82%     21.82% |           1      1.82%     23.64% |           3      5.45%     29.09% |           3      5.45%     34.55% |           0      0.00%     34.55% |           1      1.82%     36.36% |           4      7.27%     43.64% |           2      3.64%     47.27% |           1      1.82%     49.09% |           2      3.64%     52.73% |           3      5.45%     58.18% |           0      0.00%     58.18% |           5      9.09%     67.27% |           1      1.82%     69.09% |           2      3.64%     72.73% |           4      7.27%     80.00% |           2      3.64%     83.64% |           3      5.45%     89.09% |           0      0.00%     89.09% |           1      1.82%     90.91% |           1      1.82%     92.73% |           2      3.64%     96.36% |           0      0.00%     96.36% |           1      1.82%     98.18% |           1      1.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total           55                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      153683      5.67%      5.67% |       83837      3.09%      8.76% |       82436      3.04%     11.80% |       83170      3.07%     14.87% |       82062      3.03%     17.90% |       81764      3.02%     20.92% |       81977      3.02%     23.94% |       81526      3.01%     26.95% |       81972      3.02%     29.97% |       83178      3.07%     33.04% |       84354      3.11%     36.16% |       83194      3.07%     39.23% |       82448      3.04%     42.27% |       81363      3.00%     45.27% |       80776      2.98%     48.25% |       81190      3.00%     51.25% |       82393      3.04%     54.29% |       82003      3.03%     57.31% |       82636      3.05%     60.36% |       82445      3.04%     63.40% |       82209      3.03%     66.43% |       84432      3.12%     69.55% |       82291      3.04%     72.59% |       81834      3.02%     75.61% |       81941      3.02%     78.63% |       82353      3.04%     81.67% |       82118      3.03%     84.70% |       81586      3.01%     87.71% |       81808      3.02%     90.73% |       81383      3.00%     93.73% |       84229      3.11%     96.84% |       85773      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2710364                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     33.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           2      0.62%      0.62% |           9      2.77%      3.38% |           6      1.85%      5.23% |           9      2.77%      8.00% |           6      1.85%      9.85% |          10      3.08%     12.92% |           2      0.62%     13.54% |          11      3.38%     16.92% |          13      4.00%     20.92% |           8      2.46%     23.38% |           4      1.23%     24.62% |          12      3.69%     28.31% |           6      1.85%     30.15% |           6      1.85%     32.00% |          15      4.62%     36.62% |           6      1.85%     38.46% |          11      3.38%     41.85% |           5      1.54%     43.38% |          15      4.62%     48.00% |          17      5.23%     53.23% |          14      4.31%     57.54% |          10      3.08%     60.62% |          20      6.15%     66.77% |          10      3.08%     69.85% |          18      5.54%     75.38% |          11      3.38%     78.77% |          10      3.08%     81.85% |          19      5.85%     87.69% |          10      3.08%     90.77% |          13      4.00%     94.77% |           9      2.77%     97.54% |           8      2.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total          325                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        1820      3.13%      3.13% |        1793      3.09%      6.22% |        1791      3.08%      9.30% |        1822      3.14%     12.43% |        1790      3.08%     15.51% |        1728      2.97%     18.49% |        1737      2.99%     21.48% |        1837      3.16%     24.64% |        1736      2.99%     27.62% |        1812      3.12%     30.74% |        1832      3.15%     33.89% |        1879      3.23%     37.13% |        1868      3.21%     40.34% |        1805      3.11%     43.45% |        1848      3.18%     46.63% |        1859      3.20%     49.83% |        1834      3.16%     52.98% |        1827      3.14%     56.12% |        1831      3.15%     59.28% |        1902      3.27%     62.55% |        1831      3.15%     65.70% |        1837      3.16%     68.86% |        1823      3.14%     72.00% |        1832      3.15%     75.15% |        1871      3.22%     78.37% |        1802      3.10%     81.47% |        1804      3.10%     84.57% |        1807      3.11%     87.68% |        1807      3.11%     90.79% |        1767      3.04%     93.83% |        1765      3.04%     96.87% |        1820      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        58117                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           9      0.50%      0.50% |          32      1.77%      2.27% |          48      2.65%      4.92% |          31      1.71%      6.63% |          57      3.15%      9.78% |          60      3.31%     13.09% |          67      3.70%     16.80% |          53      2.93%     19.72% |         118      6.52%     26.24% |          53      2.93%     29.17% |          52      2.87%     32.04% |          53      2.93%     34.97% |          52      2.87%     37.85% |          81      4.48%     42.32% |          50      2.76%     45.08% |          29      1.60%     46.69% |          60      3.31%     50.00% |          70      3.87%     53.87% |          78      4.31%     58.18% |          53      2.93%     61.10% |          97      5.36%     66.46% |          64      3.54%     70.00% |          67      3.70%     73.70% |          61      3.37%     77.07% |          33      1.82%     78.90% |          52      2.87%     81.77% |          63      3.48%     85.25% |          48      2.65%     87.90% |          45      2.49%     90.39% |          60      3.31%     93.70% |          59      3.26%     96.96% |          55      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         1810                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           9      0.50%      0.50% |          32      1.77%      2.27% |          48      2.65%      4.92% |          31      1.71%      6.63% |          57      3.15%      9.78% |          60      3.31%     13.09% |          67      3.70%     16.80% |          53      2.93%     19.72% |         118      6.52%     26.24% |          53      2.93%     29.17% |          52      2.87%     32.04% |          53      2.93%     34.97% |          52      2.87%     37.85% |          81      4.48%     42.32% |          50      2.76%     45.08% |          29      1.60%     46.69% |          60      3.31%     50.00% |          70      3.87%     53.87% |          78      4.31%     58.18% |          53      2.93%     61.10% |          97      5.36%     66.46% |          64      3.54%     70.00% |          67      3.70%     73.70% |          61      3.37%     77.07% |          33      1.82%     78.90% |          52      2.87%     81.77% |          63      3.48%     85.25% |          48      2.65%     87.90% |          45      2.49%     90.39% |          60      3.31%     93.70% |          59      3.26%     96.96% |          55      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         1810                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           1     14.29%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1     14.29%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           1     14.29%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1820      3.13%      3.13% |        1793      3.09%      6.22% |        1791      3.08%      9.30% |        1822      3.13%     12.43% |        1790      3.08%     15.51% |        1728      2.97%     18.49% |        1737      2.99%     21.47% |        1837      3.16%     24.64% |        1736      2.99%     27.62% |        1812      3.12%     30.74% |        1832      3.15%     33.89% |        1879      3.23%     37.13% |        1868      3.21%     40.34% |        1805      3.11%     43.45% |        1848      3.18%     46.63% |        1859      3.20%     49.82% |        1834      3.16%     52.98% |        1827      3.14%     56.12% |        1831      3.15%     59.27% |        1902      3.27%     62.55% |        1831      3.15%     65.70% |        1837      3.16%     68.86% |        1823      3.14%     71.99% |        1832      3.15%     75.15% |        1871      3.22%     78.37% |        1804      3.10%     81.47% |        1804      3.10%     84.57% |        1807      3.11%     87.68% |        1807      3.11%     90.79% |        1767      3.04%     93.83% |        1765      3.04%     96.87% |        1820      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        58119                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      532264     19.21%     19.21% |     1385503     50.00%     69.21% |      107563      3.88%     73.09% |      102316      3.69%     76.78% |      105977      3.82%     80.61% |      119188      4.30%     84.91% |      104301      3.76%     88.67% |      112485      4.06%     92.73% |      105304      3.80%     96.53% |       96105      3.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      2771006                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      532264     19.21%     19.21% |     1385503     50.00%     69.21% |      107563      3.88%     73.09% |      102316      3.69%     76.78% |      105977      3.82%     80.61% |      119188      4.30%     84.91% |      104301      3.76%     88.67% |      112485      4.06%     92.73% |      105304      3.80%     96.53% |       96105      3.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      2771006                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      532264     19.21%     19.21% |     1385503     50.00%     69.21% |      107563      3.88%     73.09% |      102316      3.69%     76.78% |      105977      3.82%     80.61% |      119188      4.30%     84.91% |      104301      3.76%     88.67% |      112485      4.06%     92.73% |      105304      3.80%     96.53% |       96105      3.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      2771006                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      532264     19.21%     19.21% |     1385503     50.00%     69.21% |      107563      3.88%     73.09% |      102316      3.69%     76.78% |      105977      3.82%     80.61% |      119188      4.30%     84.91% |      104301      3.76%     88.67% |      112485      4.06%     92.73% |      105304      3.80%     96.53% |       96105      3.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      2771006                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
