
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.093333                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 93332689000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5269500767500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  52919                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    93343                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              115960025                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5971424                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   804.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    42593252                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      75128831                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21118592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21118592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11911616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       11911616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       329978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             329978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       186119                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            186119                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    226272191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            226272191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    127625338                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           127625338                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    353897529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           353897529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     329978                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    186119                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   329978                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  186119                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21116352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   2240                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               11911360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21118592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            11911616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    35                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            20995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            20862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            20628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            20721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            20865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           20961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            11500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            11667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            11670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            11648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            11607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            11920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            11557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            11680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            11898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            11722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           11527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           11705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           11343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           11317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           11599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                     2339                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     1638                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  93332112000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               329978                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              186119                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 159119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  41725                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  31020                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  22210                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  16570                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  12445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   9263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   7153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   5490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   4415                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  3493                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  2645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  2152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  1741                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1379                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   896                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   795                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   415                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   326                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   250                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   189                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  2603                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  33527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  35991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  36526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  36243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  35740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   2995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   2096                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   3001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       154581                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.653787                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   159.918437                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   179.274824                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        48885     31.62%     31.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        46204     29.89%     61.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        42804     27.69%     89.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6399      4.14%     93.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3940      2.55%     95.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2027      1.31%     97.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1391      0.90%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          977      0.63%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1954      1.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       154581                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        33738                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.779121                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    23.725187                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        33731     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        33738                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        33738                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.516480                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.384303                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.565188                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          31567     93.57%     93.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1538      4.56%     98.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          343      1.02%     99.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          290      0.86%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        33738                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 12136589683                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            18323020933                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1649715000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    36783.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               55533.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      226.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      127.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   226.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   127.63                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.19                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  249042                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 112424                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                75.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               60.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    180842.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   70.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15190753500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3116360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    75022433500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              590284800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              578279520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              322080000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              315529500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1291797000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1281610200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            604240560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            601752240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         6095600160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         6095600160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        38889640800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        38170142055                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        21882031500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        22513170750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          69675674820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          69556084425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          746.581728                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          745.300305                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20690624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20690624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11493312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       11493312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             323291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       179583                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            179583                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    221686788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            221686788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    123143479                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           123143479                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    344830266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           344830266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     323291                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    179583                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   323291                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  179583                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20688576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   2048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               11493312                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20690624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            11493312                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            19945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           19810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           19909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            11112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            11252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            11264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            11246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            11219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            11142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            11261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            11493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            11301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           11132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           11286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           10949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           10907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           11295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           11195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                     1816                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     1626                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  93331841000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               323291                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              179583                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 156346                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  39464                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  30431                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  22269                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  16492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  12445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   9238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   7083                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   5554                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   4251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  3404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  2598                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  2128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  1689                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  1331                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  1075                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                   854                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   708                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   587                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   297                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   224                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                  2128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  32428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  34654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  35119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  35002                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  34596                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   2889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   2015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   2880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       145599                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.027452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   165.097741                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   183.117465                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44625     30.65%     30.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41091     28.22%     58.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        42839     29.42%     88.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6525      4.48%     92.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4044      2.78%     95.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2173      1.49%     97.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1426      0.98%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          907      0.62%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1969      1.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       145599                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32634                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.905559                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    19.750879                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32628     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        32634                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32634                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.502942                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.375501                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.529195                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          30502     93.47%     93.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1596      4.89%     98.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          263      0.81%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          273      0.84%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        32634                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 11618710614                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            17679816864                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1616295000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    35942.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               54692.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      221.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      123.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   221.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   123.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.18                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  245899                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 111336                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                76.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               62.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    185596.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   71.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15392717250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3116360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    74820130250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              556741080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              543934440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              303777375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              296789625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1266314400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1254981000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            583349040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            580316400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         6095600160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         6095600160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        38382665985                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        37424928330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        22326746250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        23166867000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          69515194290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          69363416955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          744.862163                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          743.235854                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20691776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20691776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     11493248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       11493248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323309                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             323309                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       179582                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            179582                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    221699131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            221699131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    123142793                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           123142793                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    344841923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           344841923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     323309                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    179582                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   323309                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  179582                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20690752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               11493120                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20691776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            11493248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            19944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           19844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           19911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            11109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            11257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            11259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            11267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            11204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            11510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            11159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            11258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            11468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            11309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           11117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           11308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           10958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           10896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           11206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     1862                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     1451                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  93332547500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               323309                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              179582                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 156315                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  38541                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  30193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  22292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  16445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  12504                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   9553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   7316                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   5706                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   4405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  3421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  2678                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  2013                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  1777                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  1388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  1072                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                   889                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                   767                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                   567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   500                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   278                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   271                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   213                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   200                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  2106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  32377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  34508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  35076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  34993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  34665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   3100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   2072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   2791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       145341                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.433016                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   165.340766                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   183.415324                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44567     30.66%     30.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        40658     27.97%     58.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43067     29.63%     88.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6513      4.48%     92.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4013      2.76%     95.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2201      1.51%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1405      0.97%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          979      0.67%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1938      1.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       145341                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32565                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.927407                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    19.770536                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32560     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        32565                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32565                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.514509                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.381242                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.564920                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          30368     93.25%     93.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1614      4.96%     98.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          315      0.97%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          268      0.82%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        32565                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 11722884003                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            17784627753                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1616465000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    36260.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               55010.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      221.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      123.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   221.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   123.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.18                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  246089                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 111435                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                76.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               62.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    185592.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   71.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15444509250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3116360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    74767049750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              555584400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              543155760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              303146250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              296364750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1266454800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1255121400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            583316640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            580329360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         6095600160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         6095600160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        38265283035                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        37348066395                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        22429713750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        23234289750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          69499099035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          69352927575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          744.689701                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          743.123459                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20672320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20672320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     11492032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       11492032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       323005                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             323005                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       179563                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            179563                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    221490672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            221490672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    123129764                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           123129764                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    344620436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           344620436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     323006                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    179563                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   323006                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  179563                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20671680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               11492032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20672384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            11492032                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            19933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           19934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            11109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            11267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            11264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            11240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            11213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            11147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            11253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            11459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            11307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           11117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           11318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           10960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           10899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           11296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           11201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                     1370                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     1419                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  93331947500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               323006                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              179563                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 156050                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  38938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  30298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  22251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  16586                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  12764                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   9696                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   7406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   5719                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   4350                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  3430                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  2638                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  2081                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  1734                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  1391                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  1094                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                   864                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                   703                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   453                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   401                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   225                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                  1574                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  32483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  34821                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  35204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  35051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  34482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   2901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   1966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   2655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       145662                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   220.803559                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.940486                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   183.216851                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44597     30.62%     30.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41285     28.34%     58.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        42812     29.39%     88.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6517      4.47%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3953      2.71%     95.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2186      1.50%     97.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1393      0.96%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          938      0.64%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1981      1.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       145662                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32664                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.888287                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.260556                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32654     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        32664                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32664                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.497275                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.372378                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.505745                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          30537     93.49%     93.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1601      4.90%     98.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          287      0.88%     99.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          239      0.73%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        32664                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 11463575813                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            17519732063                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1614975000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    35491.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               54241.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      221.48                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      123.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   221.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   123.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.18                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  245618                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 111269                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                76.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               61.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    185709.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   71.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15173415750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3116360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    75038667750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              556053120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              545121360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              303402000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              297437250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1265027400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1254216600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            583225920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            580309920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         6095600160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         6095600160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        38114634600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        37330023330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        22561861500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        23250117000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          69479804700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          69352825620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          744.482960                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          743.122367                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          793                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3987                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4871                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              491000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              470124                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              115624                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1792000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               17035306                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 31.592647                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                26.728724                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                23.504901                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    16820156     98.74%     98.74% |      204615      1.20%     99.94% |        8809      0.05%     99.99% |        1471      0.01%    100.00% |         228      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 17035306                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     33076699                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.073053                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.743710                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.594461                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    29855725     90.26%     90.26% |     2850716      8.62%     98.88% |      290482      0.88%     99.76% |       38704      0.12%     99.88% |       15127      0.05%     99.92% |       11748      0.04%     99.96% |        7315      0.02%     99.98% |        5556      0.02%    100.00% |        1326      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      33076699                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            33076698                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              18.955582                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.259405                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             69.598285                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    33061657     99.95%     99.95% |       13297      0.04%     99.99% |        1532      0.00%    100.00% |         200      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              33076698                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        30051890                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.004367                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.003562                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.081360                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    29950698     99.66%     99.66% |       74496      0.25%     99.91% |       23968      0.08%     99.99% |        2255      0.01%    100.00% |         332      0.00%    100.00% |         141      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          30051890                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        3024808                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        177.433133                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       136.972100                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       159.140984                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     3009767     99.50%     99.50% |       13297      0.44%     99.94% |        1532      0.05%     99.99% |         200      0.01%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          3024808                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    83886080                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    4194304                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         800471                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       800471                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           30                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           30                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           20                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           13                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     20257071                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       689857                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     20946928                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      9335884                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123482                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      9459366                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       873030                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        30718                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       293283                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1718085                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        54370                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           18                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           18                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        46147                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       253747                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       299894                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        75596                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        59182                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       279832                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       339014                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        85645                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        57071                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       276727                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       333798                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        88276                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        67864                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       294623                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       362487                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        94513                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        57582                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       276216                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       333798                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        87488                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        55977                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       275213                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       331190                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        83387                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        62223                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       287224                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       349447                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles       102503                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        52889                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       267870                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       320759                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        86482                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       113454                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        49816                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       163270                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        49939                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        43156                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        93095                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        50734                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        43223                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        93957                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        49941                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        43154                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        93095                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        48978                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        43189                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        92167                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        48567                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        43223                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        91790                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        47475                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        43233                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        90708                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        47816                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        43219                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        91035                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        49091                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        43298                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        92389                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        48799                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        43241                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        92040                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        48996                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        43221                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        92217                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        48909                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        43138                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        92047                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        48375                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        43139                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        91514                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        48212                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        43192                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        91404                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        51112                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        43264                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        94376                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        48773                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        43197                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        91970                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        48085                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        43119                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        91204                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        48260                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        43214                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        91474                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        48740                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        43228                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        91968                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        47945                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        43179                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        91124                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        49207                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        43047                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        92254                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        48733                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        43154                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        91887                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        49510                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        43109                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        92619                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        49532                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        43103                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        92635                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        52097                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        43108                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        95205                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        53056                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        43125                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        96181                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        48575                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        43129                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        91704                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        48761                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        43090                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        91851                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        48472                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        43142                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        91614                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        47649                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        43240                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        90889                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        47975                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        43222                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        91197                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        50712                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        43217                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        93929                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          315                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     18051418                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     18051418                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18551107                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18051418                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8893599                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8852058                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     18051418                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.096705                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     12220570                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     12220570                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     12890413                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     12220570                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7180456                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7112046                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     12220570                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.065468                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      9400349                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      9400349                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9858991                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9400349                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4366551                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4329069                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      9400349                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.050359                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      8883131                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      8883131                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9357035                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8883131                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4241084                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4218279                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      8883131                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.047589                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      9746818                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      9746818                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10273668                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9746818                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5113536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5051026                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      9746818                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.052215                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      9288145                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      9288145                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9821177                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9288145                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4693300                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4663725                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      9288145                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.049758                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     10518541                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     10518541                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11121679                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10518541                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4507028                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4484033                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     10518541                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.056350                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      8964537                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      8964537                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9572839                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8964537                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4092233                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4074049                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      8964537                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.048025                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      6498330                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      6498330                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6813325                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6498330                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3112081                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3088142                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      6498330                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.034813                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      7743643                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      7743643                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8155739                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7743643                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3803806                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3779567                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      7743643                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.041484                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      5016202                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      5016202                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5258155                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5016202                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2150414                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2137042                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      5016202                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.026873                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3728577                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3728577                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3768837                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3728577                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1700668                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1699653                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3728577                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.019975                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4382652                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4382652                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4438450                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4382652                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2164173                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2162536                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4382652                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.023479                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3814543                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3814543                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3858638                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3814543                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1737576                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1736427                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3814543                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.020435                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2622559                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2622559                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2670339                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2622559                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1046212                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1045171                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2622559                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.014050                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3578987                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3578987                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3645102                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3578987                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1436809                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1435347                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3578987                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.019173                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4458853                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4458853                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4519908                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4458853                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1695623                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1694321                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4458853                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.023887                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3878386                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3878386                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3937586                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3878386                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1510877                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1509714                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3878386                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.020777                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3500164                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3500164                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3574028                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3500164                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1435900                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1434244                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3500164                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.018751                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      2042217                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      2042217                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2099698                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2042217                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       854627                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       853205                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      2042217                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.010941                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1926761                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1926761                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1933295                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1926761                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       943065                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       942837                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1926761                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.010322                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2339065                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2339065                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2351957                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2339065                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1233668                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1232641                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2339065                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.012531                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2122966                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2122966                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2134429                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2122966                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1046039                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1045666                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2122966                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.011373                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1333174                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1333174                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1333174                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1333174                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       593859                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       593818                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1333174                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.007142                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1885295                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1885295                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1891983                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1885295                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       900460                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       900191                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1885295                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.010100                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2289056                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2289056                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2301156                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2289056                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1201486                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1200428                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2289056                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.012263                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2111687                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2111687                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2123087                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2111687                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1036643                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1036259                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2111687                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.011313                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1339151                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1339151                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1339151                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1339151                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       595575                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       595535                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1339151                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.007174                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      8288274                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      8288274                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8745484                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8288274                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3791867                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3782234                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      8288274                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.044402                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      7683901                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      7683901                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7975062                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7683901                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3405811                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3399033                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      7683901                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.041164                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      8049620                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      8049620                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8493484                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8049620                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3432624                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3419496                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      8049620                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.043123                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8079711                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8079711                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8445459                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8079711                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3498603                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3489439                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8079711                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.043284                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    13822891     29.49%     29.49% |    30054162     64.11%     93.60% |     3001771      6.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     46878824                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    13822891     29.49%     29.49% |    30054163     64.11%     93.60% |     3001771      6.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     46878825                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   432894486                       |   755155308                       |    71485576                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   113957274                       |   140580327                       |     3028078                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   31.317218                       |   25.126480                       |   23.814467                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    8.244098                       |    4.677566                       |    1.008764                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    26.867896                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     5.494286                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         32.362182                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.004047                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.090493      7.26%      7.26% |    0.089632      7.19%     14.45% |    0.089375      7.17%     21.62% |    0.088813      7.13%     28.75% |    0.200913     16.12%     44.87% |    0.200930     16.12%     60.99% |    0.200894     16.12%     77.10% |    0.200837     16.11%     93.22% |    0.021140      1.70%     94.91% |    0.021142      1.70%     96.61% |    0.021133      1.70%     98.30% |    0.021132      1.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.246434                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.031103                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.023275                       |    0.000000                       |    0.005700                       |    0.006221                       |    0.006156                       |    0.006514                       |    0.006130                       |    0.006134                       |    0.006370                       |    0.005943                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.006252                       |    0.003784                       |    0.003736                       |    0.003771                       |    0.003739                       |    0.003739                       |    0.003733                       |    0.003713                       |    0.003722                       |    0.003802                       |    0.003811                       |    0.003782                       |    0.003754                       |    0.003736                       |    0.003703                       |    0.003713                       |    0.003755                       |    0.003744                       |    0.003754                       |    0.003750                       |    0.003731                       |    0.003824                       |    0.003746                       |    0.003723                       |    0.003732                       |    0.003747                       |    0.003724                       |    0.003752                       |    0.003743                       |    0.003760                       |    0.003843                       |    0.003878                       |    0.010597                       |    0.010381                       |    0.010381                       |    0.010372                       |    0.000129                       |           0                       |    0.002775                       |    0.007069                       |    0.000513                       |    0.000577                       |    0.000531                       |    0.000589                       |    0.000535                       |    0.000570                       |    0.000486                       |    0.000493                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003427                       |    0.000131                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003860                       |    0.002904                       |    0.009186                       |    0.003414                       |    0.000486                       |    0.004820                       |    0.011830                       |    0.005077                       |           0                       |    0.003428                       |    0.007388                       |           0                       |    0.011492                       |    0.016077                       |    0.006017                       |    0.008118                       |    0.003423                       |    0.000513                       |    0.012866                       |    0.012994                       |    0.012445                       |    0.008952                       |    0.003445                       |    0.000577                       |    0.014882                       |    0.011674                       |    0.008058                       |           0                       |    0.003417                       |    0.007176                       |           0                       |    0.013845                       |    0.009567                       |    0.007159                       |           0                       |    0.003445                       |           0                       |    0.007514                       |    0.004781                       |    0.004234                       |           0                       |    0.003424                       |           0                       |    0.003732                       |    0.002944                       |           0                       |    0.003495                       |           0                       |    0.001642                       |    0.003824                       |    0.003570                       |    0.008563                       |    0.003456                       |    0.000493                       |    0.008882                       |    0.005025                       |    0.011523                       |    0.003543                       |    0.008847                       |    0.003422                       |    0.000531                       |    0.005366                       |    0.012866                       |    0.016623                       |    0.004560                       |    0.025556                       |    0.005222                       |    0.002775                       |    0.009451                       |    0.018146                       |    0.025600                       |    0.009955                       |    0.000001                       |    0.003451                       |    0.007069                       |    0.010181                       |    0.017716                       |    0.017148                       |    0.009903                       |    0.009421                       |    0.003410                       |    0.000589                       |    0.007835                       |    0.013355                       |    0.009704                       |    0.005444                       |           0                       |    0.003435                       |           0                       |    0.002893                       |    0.007501                       |    0.004828                       |    0.004822                       |           0                       |    0.003430                       |           0                       |    0.001587                       |    0.003747                       |    0.003499                       |           0                       |    0.003431                       |           0                       |    0.000777                       |    0.003746                       |    0.003419                       |           0                       |    0.003465                       |           0                       |    0.009478                       |    0.004057                       |    0.006478                       |    0.003395                       |           0                       |    0.003511                       |    0.007176                       |           0                       |    0.006104                       |    0.011485                       |    0.011447                       |    0.003400                       |    0.008828                       |    0.003420                       |    0.000535                       |    0.017617                       |    0.013063                       |    0.009448                       |    0.003438                       |    0.008800                       |    0.003409                       |    0.000570                       |    0.007602                       |    0.014810                       |    0.009415                       |    0.003419                       |           0                       |    0.003508                       |    0.007172                       |           0                       |    0.007109                       |    0.013903                       |    0.008154                       |    0.003439                       |           0                       |    0.003407                       |           0                       |    0.002040                       |    0.007460                       |    0.004089                       |    0.003439                       |           0                       |    0.003423                       |           0                       |    0.000744                       |    0.003724                       |    0.003422                       |           0                       |    0.003419                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003723                       |           0                       |    0.003395                       |           0                       |    0.004287                       |           0                       |    0.006368                       |           0                       |    0.003400                       |           0                       |    0.004797                       |    0.003229                       |    0.007747                       |           0                       |    0.003438                       |           0                       |    0.009738                       |    0.005692                       |    0.005019                       |           0                       |    0.003419                       |           0                       |    0.004355                       |    0.008947                       |    0.004056                       |           0                       |    0.003439                       |           0                       |    0.006716                       |    0.008596                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003439                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.007502                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003422                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003752                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.246434                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8049643                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8049643                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       343254                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5815661                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5287557                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.919278                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          589497                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30783                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             13075120                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              73186                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            14656407                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            138478                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         13148306                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        14794885                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  27731527                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  211664                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              27943191                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              9466300                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9540                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          9475840                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   9466300                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9540                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               9475840                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                182915678                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     31424007                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               49380198                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8049643                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      5877054                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             146347717                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          785568                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             141782                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       177373                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       279499                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3055                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       330336                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           9465695                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        189435                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3803                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    179096553                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.501832                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.706384                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        161147889     89.98%     89.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1817848      1.02%     90.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2562818      1.43%     92.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           711275      0.40%     92.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3924755      2.19%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1020282      0.57%     95.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1443129      0.81%     96.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           408499      0.23%     96.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6060058      3.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    179096553                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.044007                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.269962                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         11488776                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     155074484                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6110474                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6030028                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         392784                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       86289296                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         392784                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         13965010                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        94696565                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     10674853                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9434006                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      49933328                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       84721473                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        4935382                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         452544                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       42476240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     90281944                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     200490260                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    126997805                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          350                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      79115589                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11166325                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       292606                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       296312                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          39756848                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      6918668                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     14971973                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1532246                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1306925                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           83198141                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       545520                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          87063028                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       270801                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      8345783                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13316677                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        96384                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    179096553                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.486123                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.238446                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    144130487     80.48%     80.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14238597      7.95%     88.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      7208387      4.02%     92.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4542177      2.54%     94.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3714413      2.07%     97.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2571718      1.44%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2023703      1.13%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       413902      0.23%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       253169      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    179096553                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          104513     10.37%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         784752     77.88%     88.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        118352     11.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       338335      0.39%      0.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      58924709     67.68%     68.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        43647      0.05%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52043      0.06%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           20      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12869671     14.78%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     14834603     17.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       87063028                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.475974                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1007617                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.011573                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    354500745                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     92097072                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     79766793                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          281                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          403                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          105                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       87732169                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             141                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1692277                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1209274                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2679                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8169                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       557046                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1813                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7478483                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         392784                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5324711                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      84143425                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     83743661                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        98516                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       6918668                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     14971973                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       536665                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         103265                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      83863926                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8169                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123968                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       282604                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       406572                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      86451872                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      12679155                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       400472                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             27352498                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          6726119                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           14673343                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.472632                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               79867567                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              79766898                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          41516535                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          65707602                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.436086                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.631838                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8531457                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       449136                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       356630                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    177683730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422823                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.332738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    149842173     84.33%     84.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11979864      6.74%     91.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      6713342      3.78%     94.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2491939      1.40%     96.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1496056      0.84%     97.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1032973      0.58%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       508686      0.29%     97.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904318      0.51%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2714379      1.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    177683730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     42593251                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       75128828                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               20124308                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5709389                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6281822                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 25                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          74727741                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       511394                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       147642      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     54763780     72.89%     73.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        42333      0.06%     73.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50763      0.07%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5709389      7.60%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     14414919     19.19%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     75128828                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2714379                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            258497184                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           168744061                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85045                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3819125                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3749277                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            42593251                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              75128828                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.294476                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.294476                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.232857                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.232857                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        131662068                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        57978257                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               140                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              125                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          32094683                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         25925570                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        41134565                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         289247                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               5520285500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean              5520285500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       8373958                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        36.722322                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       29.285508                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       31.044537                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     8158855     97.43%     97.43% |      204568      2.44%     99.87% |        8809      0.11%     99.98% |        1471      0.02%    100.00% |         228      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         8373958                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       8411797                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.669371                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.497320                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       10.257006                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     5612324     66.72%     66.72% |     2791405     33.18%     99.90% |        7773      0.09%    100.00% |         248      0.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         8411797                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        249551                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        25.413226                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.540613                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.478138                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       33997     13.62%     13.62% |      144826     58.03%     71.66% |       66603     26.69%     98.35% |        4076      1.63%     99.98% |          48      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          249551                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          8255034                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           40.215755                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           6.956810                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         104.650781                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     8244653     99.87%     99.87% |        9286      0.11%     99.99% |         969      0.01%    100.00% |         121      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            8255034                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6406660                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.012895                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.010466                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.142283                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6344461     99.03%     99.03% |       44692      0.70%     99.73% |       15201      0.24%     99.96% |        1841      0.03%     99.99% |         325      0.01%    100.00% |         140      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6406660                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      1848374                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     169.164805                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    126.852160                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    165.790964                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     1837993     99.44%     99.44% |        9286      0.50%     99.94% |         969      0.05%     99.99% |         121      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       1848374                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         15133951                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           16.785501                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.959873                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          64.186465                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    15129294     99.97%     99.97% |        4008      0.03%    100.00% |         563      0.00%    100.00% |          79      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           15133951                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     14095874                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.003442                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.002836                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.069695                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14056980     99.72%     99.72% |       29705      0.21%     99.93% |        8767      0.06%    100.00% |         414      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       14095874                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1038077                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     203.929785                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    169.501349                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    149.870284                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1033420     99.55%     99.55% |        4008      0.39%     99.94% |         563      0.05%     99.99% |          79      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1038077                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      9459365                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.091781                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.129303                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      11.660653                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     9456565     99.97%     99.97% |        2554      0.03%    100.00% |         221      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        9459365                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      9335884                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9335884    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      9335884                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123481                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    86.636827                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.037296                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    59.265346                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      120681     97.73%     97.73% |        2554      2.07%     99.80% |         221      0.18%     99.98% |          22      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123481                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       227044                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.967200                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.741297                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    34.210009                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      223078     98.25%     98.25% |        3055      1.35%     99.60% |         777      0.34%     99.94% |          70      0.03%     99.97% |          29      0.01%     99.98% |          29      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       227044                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       212196                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000467                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000403                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.021595                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      212097     99.95%     99.95% |          99      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       212196                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        14848                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.530307                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.645712                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    85.379466                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       10882     73.29%     73.29% |        3055     20.58%     93.86% |         777      5.23%     99.10% |          70      0.47%     99.57% |          29      0.20%     99.76% |          29      0.20%     99.96% |           6      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        14848                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.254601                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.423135                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.768155                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         624     95.71%     95.71% |          18      2.76%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    78.785714                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.782348                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    61.005985                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     64.29%     64.29% |           5     17.86%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           3     10.71%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       397942                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      7688863                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       120045                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                   139440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                   151462                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                   141329                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   151590                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                   142913                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                   150603                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                   121164                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                   131453                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                 160512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                 187610                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                 192527                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                 210954                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                 190943                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                 180645                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                 228340                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                 189363                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                   140947                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                   164456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                   169750                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                   184439                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                   167978                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                   158546                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                   201122                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                   166389                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               299952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               339072                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               333856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               362544                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses               333856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               331248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses               349504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses               320816                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 6408398                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 6482599                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140110885446100                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles            140110885385510                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 6744295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 6430081                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 7340793                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                37718770                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                  218992                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  247552                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                  243744                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  264688                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                  243744                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                  241840                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                  255168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                  234224                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  80960                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  91520                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  90112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  97856                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  90112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  89408                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  94336                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  86592                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                98926                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits               107623                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                99537                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits               107887                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits               101030                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits               106831                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                84266                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                93134                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses             120066                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses             139929                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses             144207                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses             156801                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses             142714                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses             135009                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses             170902                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses             141090                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               40514                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               43839                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               41792                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               43703                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               41883                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               43772                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               36898                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               38319                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             40446                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             47681                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             48320                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             54153                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             48229                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             45636                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             57438                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             48273                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      115                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                      130                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      128                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      139                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                      128                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      127                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      134                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                      123                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles               10892189                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles               10855875                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles               10883504                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles               10858550                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles               10932031                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles               10880117                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles               10899472                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles               10844540                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1840                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    2080                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    2048                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    2224                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                    2048                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    2032                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    2144                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                    1968                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles              10022769                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               9874050                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               9890451                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               9771547                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               9913227                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               9902017                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               9847161                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               9914333                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            4723898                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            5374727                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            5287687                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            5775500                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles            5281856                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            5260956                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            5539234                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            5055934                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              3517139                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              3701949                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3715088                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              3869079                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              3763264                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              3718581                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              3730219                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              3556056                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time         10022769                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          9874050                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          9890451                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          9771547                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          9913227                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          9902017                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          9847161                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          9914333                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       4713085                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       5327608                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       5245667                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       5696315                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       5245700                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       5204629                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       5491519                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       5040888                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         3455871                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         3553308                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         3578111                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         3665275                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         3598534                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         3598979                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         3568920                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         3473984                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time           10351629                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time           10406635                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time           10376047                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time           10346266                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time           10421397                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time           10447853                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time           10357483                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time           10349045                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         175716444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         175716440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         175716446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         175716442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         175716451                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         175716447                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         175716463                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         175716459                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         10844337                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         10794136                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         10767059                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         10736420                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         10820268                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles         10801614                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         10761759                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         10836887                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             44803                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             50650                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             49609                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             54257                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             49705                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             49164                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             51924                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             47830                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             15276                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1             16343                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             14960                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1             15961                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1             15143                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             16707                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1             12192                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1             13463                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             35564                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             40565                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             34403                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             39593                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2             34921                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             40309                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             26560                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2             30569                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      329953     25.39%     25.39% |      323291     24.88%     50.27% |      323309     24.88%     75.14% |      323006     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1299559                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      180302     25.70%     25.70% |      173762     24.77%     50.47% |      173756     24.77%     75.24% |      173736     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       701556                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      329978     25.39%     25.39% |      323291     24.88%     50.27% |      323309     24.88%     75.15% |      323005     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1299583                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      186119     25.68%     25.68% |      179583     24.78%     50.45% |      179582     24.78%     75.23% |      179563     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       724847                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      141459     25.03%     25.03% |      141337     25.00%     50.03% |      141361     25.01%     75.04% |      141078     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       565235                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      329953     25.39%     25.39% |      323291     24.88%     50.27% |      323309     24.88%     75.14% |      323006     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1299559                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      180066     25.69%     25.69% |      173583     24.77%     50.46% |      173582     24.77%     75.23% |      173563     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       700794                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      141459     25.03%     25.03% |      141337     25.00%     50.03% |      141361     25.01%     75.04% |      141078     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       565235                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      329953     25.39%     25.39% |      323291     24.88%     50.27% |      323309     24.88%     75.15% |      323005     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1299558                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      180066     25.69%     25.69% |      173583     24.77%     50.46% |      173582     24.77%     75.23% |      173563     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       700794                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          709                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6306307     76.37%     76.37% |          18      0.00%     76.37% |      219015      2.65%     79.03% |      247686      3.00%     82.03% |      243895      2.95%     84.98% |      264853      3.21%     88.19% |      243789      2.95%     91.14% |      241963      2.93%     94.07% |      255453      3.09%     97.16% |      234286      2.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      8257265                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     9459422    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      9459422                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    14641726     95.29%     95.29% |           0      0.00%     95.29% |       81119      0.53%     95.82% |       91755      0.60%     96.42% |       90427      0.59%     97.01% |       98195      0.64%     97.65% |       90340      0.59%     98.23% |       89700      0.58%     98.82% |       94832      0.62%     99.44% |       86778      0.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     15364872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17027     10.54%     10.54% |          18      0.01%     10.55% |       17267     10.68%     21.23% |       18267     11.30%     32.53% |       18652     11.54%     44.08% |       19452     12.04%     56.11% |       18075     11.18%     67.30% |       17194     10.64%     77.93% |       19003     11.76%     89.69% |       16657     10.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       161612                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      808928     26.76%     26.76% |           0      0.00%     26.76% |      253663      8.39%     35.15% |      279995      9.26%     44.42% |      277277      9.17%     53.59% |      295182      9.77%     63.36% |      276319      9.14%     72.50% |      275932      9.13%     81.63% |      287600      9.51%     91.14% |      267735      8.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3022631                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3210     12.07%     12.07% |        3211     12.07%     24.14% |        3391     12.75%     36.89% |        3540     13.31%     50.19% |        3405     12.80%     62.99% |        3290     12.37%     75.36% |        3347     12.58%     87.94% |        3207     12.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        26601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7523     12.26%     12.27% |        7751     12.64%     24.90% |        7815     12.74%     37.65% |        8084     13.18%     50.82% |        7661     12.49%     63.31% |        7784     12.69%     76.01% |        7785     12.69%     88.70% |        6933     11.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        61338                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      190451     11.63%     11.63% |          16      0.00%     11.63% |      164746     10.06%     21.69% |      184411     11.26%     32.95% |      180125     11.00%     43.94% |      193954     11.84%     55.78% |      179944     10.99%     66.77% |      180641     11.03%     77.80% |      188552     11.51%     89.31% |      175089     10.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1637929                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        6957     11.34%     11.35% |        7619     12.42%     23.77% |        7836     12.78%     36.54% |        8177     13.33%     49.87% |        7651     12.47%     62.35% |        7179     11.70%     74.05% |        8383     13.67%     87.72% |        7534     12.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        61338                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      622866     46.99%     46.99% |           0      0.00%     46.99% |       82044      6.19%     53.18% |       87802      6.62%     59.80% |       88766      6.70%     66.50% |       92492      6.98%     73.48% |       88621      6.69%     80.16% |       87393      6.59%     86.76% |       90289      6.81%     93.57% |       85247      6.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1325520                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      686833     26.45%     26.45% |           0      0.00%     26.45% |      218568      8.42%     34.86% |      242692      9.35%     44.21% |      237931      9.16%     53.37% |      254308      9.79%     63.16% |      237598      9.15%     72.31% |      238359      9.18%     81.49% |      248448      9.57%     91.06% |      232192      8.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2596929                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      189922     10.28%     10.28% |           9      0.00%     10.28% |      188714     10.22%     20.50% |      210140     11.37%     31.87% |      207319     11.22%     43.09% |      222251     12.03%     55.12% |      207082     11.21%     66.33% |      206001     11.15%     77.48% |      215794     11.68%     89.16% |      200187     10.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1847419                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      120993    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       120993                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      498909     47.39%     47.39% |           0      0.00%     47.39% |       65019      6.18%     53.56% |       69687      6.62%     60.18% |       69394      6.59%     66.77% |       72354      6.87%     73.65% |       69134      6.57%     80.21% |       69212      6.57%     86.79% |       71419      6.78%     93.57% |       67681      6.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1052809                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11051      7.13%      7.13% |           0      0.00%      7.13% |       17137     11.06%     18.19% |       18168     11.72%     29.91% |       18594     12.00%     41.90% |       19422     12.53%     54.43% |       18023     11.63%     66.06% |       17121     11.05%     77.11% |       18906     12.20%     89.31% |       16576     10.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       154998                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         946     99.06%     99.06% |           9      0.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          955                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        2489    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         2489                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          59     47.97%     47.97% |           0      0.00%     47.97% |          14     11.38%     59.35% |           5      4.07%     63.41% |          14     11.38%     74.80% |          18     14.63%     89.43% |           0      0.00%     89.43% |           0      0.00%     89.43% |          11      8.94%     98.37% |           2      1.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          123                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1594      5.60%      5.60% |           0      0.00%      5.60% |        3299     11.58%     17.18% |        3268     11.47%     28.65% |        3399     11.93%     40.59% |        3519     12.36%     52.94% |        3427     12.03%     64.98% |        3334     11.71%     76.68% |        3387     11.89%     88.57% |        3254     11.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        28481                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        8207     20.98%     20.98% |           0      0.00%     20.98% |        3704      9.47%     30.45% |        3928     10.04%     40.49% |        4223     10.80%     51.29% |        3912     10.00%     61.29% |        3975     10.16%     71.45% |        3697      9.45%     80.90% |        3987     10.19%     91.09% |        3484      8.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        39117                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     9335884    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      9335884                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        3466     97.96%     97.96% |           2      0.06%     98.02% |          17      0.48%     98.50% |          17      0.48%     98.98% |           8      0.23%     99.21% |           6      0.17%     99.38% |           0      0.00%     99.38% |           5      0.14%     99.52% |          13      0.37%     99.89% |           4      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         3538                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120374     30.81%     30.81% |           0      0.00%     30.81% |       31354      8.03%     38.84% |       33355      8.54%     47.37% |       34871      8.93%     56.30% |       36266      9.28%     65.58% |       34679      8.88%     74.46% |       33008      8.45%     82.91% |       34866      8.92%     91.83% |       31910      8.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       390683                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3347147     92.76%     92.76% |           0      0.00%     92.76% |       26542      0.74%     93.49% |       33452      0.93%     94.42% |       32170      0.89%     95.31% |       38493      1.07%     96.38% |       32655      0.90%     97.28% |       32110      0.89%     98.17% |       35355      0.98%     99.15% |       30521      0.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3608445                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       35526    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        35526                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2274     90.31%     90.31% |          16      0.64%     90.95% |          43      1.71%     92.65% |          31      1.23%     93.88% |          29      1.15%     95.04% |          10      0.40%     95.43% |          17      0.68%     96.11% |          20      0.79%     96.90% |          35      1.39%     98.29% |          43      1.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2518                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      152563      9.92%      9.92% |           0      0.00%      9.92% |      157032     10.21%     20.14% |      176469     11.48%     31.62% |      172139     11.20%     42.82% |      185689     12.08%     54.89% |      172118     11.20%     66.09% |      172700     11.23%     77.32% |      180620     11.75%     89.07% |      167962     10.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      1537292                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7485     12.27%     12.27% |        7709     12.63%     24.90% |        7777     12.74%     37.64% |        8047     13.19%     50.83% |        7617     12.48%     63.31% |        7743     12.69%     76.00% |        7738     12.68%     88.68% |        6908     11.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        61024                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2759098    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2759098                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    14107093     98.83%     98.83% |           0      0.00%     98.83% |       15901      0.11%     98.94% |       21802      0.15%     99.10% |       20678      0.14%     99.24% |       25459      0.18%     99.42% |       20952      0.15%     99.57% |       20170      0.14%     99.71% |       22881      0.16%     99.87% |       18884      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     14273820                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         236     42.99%     42.99% |           0      0.00%     42.99% |          70     12.75%     55.74% |          49      8.93%     64.66% |          20      3.64%     68.31% |          14      2.55%     70.86% |          34      6.19%     77.05% |          45      8.20%     85.25% |          49      8.93%     94.17% |          32      5.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          549                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      534270     50.42%     50.42% |           0      0.00%     50.42% |       61536      5.81%     56.23% |       66223      6.25%     62.48% |       65792      6.21%     68.69% |       68619      6.48%     75.16% |       65480      6.18%     81.34% |       65659      6.20%     87.54% |       67828      6.40%     93.94% |       64230      6.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1059637                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3207     12.07%     12.07% |        3200     12.04%     24.11% |        3390     12.76%     36.87% |        3535     13.30%     50.18% |        3404     12.81%     62.99% |        3288     12.37%     75.36% |        3342     12.58%     87.94% |        3205     12.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total        26571                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         119      2.42%      2.42% |           0      0.00%      2.42% |         341      6.93%      9.35% |         537     10.91%     20.26% |         785     15.96%     36.22% |         794     16.14%     52.36% |         455      9.25%     61.61% |         914     18.58%     80.18% |         682     13.86%     94.04% |         293      5.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         4920                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      190451     11.63%     11.63% |          16      0.00%     11.63% |      164746     10.06%     21.69% |      184411     11.26%     32.95% |      180125     11.00%     43.94% |      193954     11.84%     55.78% |      179944     10.99%     66.77% |      180641     11.03%     77.80% |      188552     11.51%     89.31% |      175088     10.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1637928                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        6957     11.34%     11.35% |        7619     12.42%     23.77% |        7836     12.78%     36.54% |        8177     13.33%     49.87% |        7651     12.47%     62.35% |        7179     11.70%     74.05% |        8383     13.67%     87.72% |        7534     12.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        61338                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123898     45.45%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |       17011      6.24%     51.69% |       18110      6.64%     58.34% |       19358      7.10%     65.44% |       20120      7.38%     72.82% |       19487      7.15%     79.97% |       18181      6.67%     86.64% |       18859      6.92%     93.56% |       17564      6.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       272588                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           8      0.49%      0.49% |           0      0.00%      0.49% |         101      6.24%      6.74% |         143      8.84%     15.57% |         291     17.99%     33.56% |         295     18.23%     51.79% |         160      9.89%     61.68% |         317     19.59%     81.27% |         217     13.41%     94.68% |          86      5.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total         1618                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      498968     47.39%     47.39% |           0      0.00%     47.39% |       65033      6.18%     53.56% |       69692      6.62%     60.18% |       69408      6.59%     66.78% |       72372      6.87%     73.65% |       69134      6.57%     80.21% |       69212      6.57%     86.79% |       71430      6.78%     93.57% |       67683      6.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1052932                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         987     44.24%     44.24% |           0      0.00%     44.24% |          55      2.47%     46.71% |         166      7.44%     54.15% |         183      8.20%     62.35% |         197      8.83%     71.18% |          77      3.45%     74.63% |         155      6.95%     81.58% |         317     14.21%     95.79% |          94      4.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         2231                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         118      4.59%      4.59% |           0      0.00%      4.59% |         185      7.19%     11.78% |         261     10.14%     21.92% |         341     13.25%     35.17% |         364     14.15%     49.32% |         254      9.87%     59.19% |         318     12.36%     71.55% |         521     20.25%     91.80% |         211      8.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         2573                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           1     12.50%     50.00% |           3     37.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     10.00%     10.00% |          11     36.67%     46.67% |           1      3.33%     50.00% |           5     16.67%     66.67% |           1      3.33%     70.00% |           2      6.67%     76.67% |           5     16.67%     93.33% |           2      6.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          38     12.18%     12.18% |          42     13.46%     25.64% |          38     12.18%     37.82% |          37     11.86%     49.68% |          44     14.10%     63.78% |          41     13.14%     76.92% |          47     15.06%     91.99% |          25      8.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total          312                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      686833     26.45%     26.45% |           0      0.00%     26.45% |      218527      8.42%     34.87% |      242637      9.34%     44.21% |      237891      9.16%     53.37% |      254266      9.79%     63.17% |      237552      9.15%     72.31% |      238313      9.18%     81.49% |      248396      9.57%     91.06% |      232164      8.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2596579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          41     11.71%     11.71% |          55     15.71%     27.43% |          40     11.43%     38.86% |          42     12.00%     50.86% |          46     13.14%     64.00% |          46     13.14%     77.14% |          52     14.86%     92.00% |          28      8.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          350                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3854      3.12%      3.12% |        3690      2.99%      6.11% |        3428      2.77%      8.88% |        3495      2.83%     11.71% |        3476      2.81%     14.52% |        3971      3.21%     17.74% |        3700      2.99%     20.73% |        3305      2.68%     23.41% |        3510      2.84%     26.25% |        5108      4.13%     30.38% |        3873      3.13%     33.52% |        3793      3.07%     36.59% |        3481      2.82%     39.41% |        4383      3.55%     42.95% |        3832      3.10%     46.06% |        3778      3.06%     49.11% |        4112      3.33%     52.44% |        4148      3.36%     55.80% |        3654      2.96%     58.76% |        3334      2.70%     61.46% |        3070      2.48%     63.94% |        3734      3.02%     66.96% |        3513      2.84%     69.81% |        3355      2.72%     72.52% |        3601      2.91%     75.44% |        3721      3.01%     78.45% |        3239      2.62%     81.07% |        4609      3.73%     84.80% |        3988      3.23%     88.03% |        5241      4.24%     92.27% |        5106      4.13%     96.41% |        4441      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123543                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      117707      6.37%      6.37% |       56693      3.07%      9.43% |       55614      3.01%     12.44% |       56450      3.05%     15.49% |       55825      3.02%     18.51% |       55631      3.01%     21.52% |       55303      2.99%     24.51% |       55248      2.99%     27.50% |       55323      2.99%     30.49% |       55730      3.01%     33.50% |       57721      3.12%     36.63% |       56899      3.08%     39.70% |       56162      3.04%     42.74% |       55287      2.99%     45.73% |       54743      2.96%     48.69% |       54978      2.97%     51.66% |       55920      3.02%     54.69% |       55523      3.00%     57.69% |       55839      3.02%     60.71% |       55982      3.03%     63.74% |       55874      3.02%     66.76% |       57113      3.09%     69.85% |       55993      3.03%     72.88% |       55216      2.99%     75.86% |       55315      2.99%     78.86% |       55741      3.01%     81.87% |       55245      2.99%     84.86% |       55044      2.98%     87.83% |       55576      3.01%     90.84% |       55000      2.97%     93.81% |       55634      3.01%     96.82% |       58737      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      1849066                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       41720      3.96%      3.96% |       32729      3.11%      7.07% |       32478      3.08%     10.15% |       32699      3.11%     13.26% |       32418      3.08%     16.34% |       32263      3.06%     19.40% |       32630      3.10%     22.50% |       32378      3.07%     25.58% |       32393      3.08%     28.65% |       33112      3.14%     31.80% |       32402      3.08%     34.87% |       32427      3.08%     37.95% |       32547      3.09%     41.04% |       32136      3.05%     44.10% |       32146      3.05%     47.15% |       32297      3.07%     50.22% |       32387      3.08%     53.29% |       32395      3.08%     56.37% |       32746      3.11%     59.48% |       32757      3.11%     62.59% |       32503      3.09%     65.68% |       33629      3.19%     68.87% |       32490      3.09%     71.96% |       32657      3.10%     75.06% |       32584      3.09%     78.15% |       32527      3.09%     81.24% |       32662      3.10%     84.34% |       32615      3.10%     87.44% |       32357      3.07%     90.51% |       32401      3.08%     93.59% |       34487      3.28%     96.86% |       33020      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1052992                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      150051      5.78%      5.78% |       79993      3.08%      8.86% |       78854      3.04%     11.89% |       79823      3.07%     14.97% |       78874      3.04%     18.00% |       78190      3.01%     21.01% |       78243      3.01%     24.03% |       77880      3.00%     27.03% |       78179      3.01%     30.04% |       79298      3.05%     33.09% |       80666      3.11%     36.19% |       79861      3.07%     39.27% |       79317      3.05%     42.32% |       77841      3.00%     45.32% |       77162      2.97%     48.29% |       77516      2.98%     51.28% |       78515      3.02%     54.30% |       78192      3.01%     57.31% |       78966      3.04%     60.35% |       79255      3.05%     63.40% |       78895      3.04%     66.44% |       81030      3.12%     69.56% |       78829      3.04%     72.59% |       78476      3.02%     75.62% |       78402      3.02%     78.63% |       78756      3.03%     81.67% |       78531      3.02%     84.69% |       78365      3.02%     87.71% |       78457      3.02%     90.73% |       77886      3.00%     93.73% |       80567      3.10%     96.83% |       82360      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2597230                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.17%      2.17% |           2      4.35%      6.52% |           0      0.00%      6.52% |           1      2.17%      8.70% |           0      0.00%      8.70% |           2      4.35%     13.04% |           3      6.52%     19.57% |           0      0.00%     19.57% |           0      0.00%     19.57% |           2      4.35%     23.91% |           1      2.17%     26.09% |           0      0.00%     26.09% |           1      2.17%     28.26% |           3      6.52%     34.78% |           3      6.52%     41.30% |           0      0.00%     41.30% |           5     10.87%     52.17% |           2      4.35%     56.52% |           3      6.52%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           2      4.35%     67.39% |           3      6.52%     73.91% |           2      4.35%     78.26% |           1      2.17%     80.43% |           0      0.00%     80.43% |           2      4.35%     84.78% |           0      0.00%     84.78% |           0      0.00%     84.78% |           2      4.35%     89.13% |           5     10.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total           46                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       28168      4.02%      4.02% |       21675      3.09%      7.12% |       21689      3.10%     10.21% |       21693      3.10%     13.31% |       21662      3.09%     16.40% |       21677      3.09%     19.49% |       21679      3.09%     22.59% |       21686      3.10%     25.68% |       21694      3.10%     28.78% |       21698      3.10%     31.88% |       21710      3.10%     34.98% |       21705      3.10%     38.08% |       21675      3.09%     41.17% |       21688      3.10%     44.27% |       21677      3.09%     47.36% |       21676      3.09%     50.46% |       21704      3.10%     53.55% |       21685      3.10%     56.65% |       21696      3.10%     59.75% |       21701      3.10%     62.84% |       21682      3.10%     65.94% |       21704      3.10%     69.04% |       21696      3.10%     72.13% |       21688      3.10%     75.23% |       21703      3.10%     78.33% |       21699      3.10%     81.43% |       21701      3.10%     84.52% |       21687      3.10%     87.62% |       21689      3.10%     90.72% |       21686      3.10%     93.81% |       21683      3.10%     96.91% |       21671      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       700527                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       17839      3.15%      3.15% |       17706      3.13%      6.29% |       17712      3.13%      9.42% |       17657      3.12%     12.54% |       17673      3.13%     15.67% |       17586      3.11%     18.77% |       17624      3.12%     21.89% |       17690      3.13%     25.02% |       17654      3.12%     28.14% |       17686      3.13%     31.27% |       17719      3.13%     34.40% |       17645      3.12%     37.52% |       17694      3.13%     40.65% |       17677      3.13%     43.78% |       17688      3.13%     46.91% |       17644      3.12%     50.03% |       17652      3.12%     53.15% |       17668      3.12%     56.27% |       17684      3.13%     59.40% |       17619      3.12%     62.51% |       17681      3.13%     65.64% |       17732      3.14%     68.78% |       17654      3.12%     71.90% |       17618      3.12%     75.01% |       17680      3.13%     78.14% |       17701      3.13%     81.27% |       17706      3.13%     84.40% |       17607      3.11%     87.51% |       17675      3.13%     90.64% |       17652      3.12%     93.76% |       17625      3.12%     96.88% |       17654      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       565502                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       47118      3.63%      3.63% |       40429      3.11%      6.74% |       40447      3.11%      9.85% |       40396      3.11%     12.96% |       40379      3.11%     16.06% |       40308      3.10%     19.17% |       40349      3.10%     22.27% |       40422      3.11%     25.38% |       40394      3.11%     28.49% |       40431      3.11%     31.60% |       40474      3.11%     34.72% |       40395      3.11%     37.82% |       40414      3.11%     40.93% |       40410      3.11%     44.04% |       40410      3.11%     47.15% |       40365      3.11%     50.26% |       40401      3.11%     53.37% |       40399      3.11%     56.48% |       40426      3.11%     59.59% |       40366      3.11%     62.69% |       40409      3.11%     65.80% |       40483      3.12%     68.92% |       40396      3.11%     72.03% |       40351      3.10%     75.13% |       40429      3.11%     78.24% |       40447      3.11%     81.35% |       40453      3.11%     84.47% |       40338      3.10%     87.57% |       40409      3.11%     90.68% |       40384      3.11%     93.79% |       40354      3.11%     96.89% |       40372      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1299558                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       46094      3.64%      3.64% |       39405      3.11%      6.75% |       39423      3.11%      9.86% |       39372      3.11%     12.97% |       39355      3.11%     16.08% |       39284      3.10%     19.18% |       39325      3.10%     22.28% |       39398      3.11%     25.39% |       39370      3.11%     28.50% |       39407      3.11%     31.61% |       39450      3.11%     34.72% |       39371      3.11%     37.83% |       39390      3.11%     40.94% |       39386      3.11%     44.05% |       39386      3.11%     47.16% |       39341      3.11%     50.27% |       39377      3.11%     53.37% |       39375      3.11%     56.48% |       39402      3.11%     59.59% |       39342      3.11%     62.70% |       39385      3.11%     65.81% |       39459      3.11%     68.92% |       39372      3.11%     72.03% |       39327      3.10%     75.13% |       39405      3.11%     78.25% |       39423      3.11%     81.36% |       39429      3.11%     84.47% |       39314      3.10%     87.57% |       39385      3.11%     90.68% |       39360      3.11%     93.79% |       39330      3.10%     96.89% |       39348      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1266790                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          71     12.75%     12.75% |          17      3.05%     15.80% |          19      3.41%     19.21% |           8      1.44%     20.65% |          16      2.87%     23.52% |          13      2.33%     25.85% |           9      1.62%     27.47% |          10      1.80%     29.26% |          10      1.80%     31.06% |          16      2.87%     33.93% |          17      3.05%     36.98% |           6      1.08%     38.06% |           6      1.08%     39.14% |           5      0.90%     40.04% |           5      0.90%     40.93% |          15      2.69%     43.63% |          14      2.51%     46.14% |          18      3.23%     49.37% |          15      2.69%     52.06% |          21      3.77%     55.83% |          35      6.28%     62.12% |          40      7.18%     69.30% |          23      4.13%     73.43% |          18      3.23%     76.66% |          22      3.95%     80.61% |          19      3.41%     84.02% |          13      2.33%     86.36% |          11      1.97%     88.33% |          15      2.69%     91.02% |          18      3.23%     94.25% |          19      3.41%     97.67% |          13      2.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          557                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        1849      3.01%      3.01% |        1864      3.04%      6.05% |        1863      3.04%      9.09% |        1863      3.04%     12.13% |        1891      3.08%     15.21% |        1921      3.13%     18.34% |        1949      3.18%     21.52% |        1925      3.14%     24.66% |        1924      3.14%     27.80% |        1886      3.07%     30.87% |        1905      3.11%     33.98% |        1905      3.11%     37.08% |        1911      3.12%     40.20% |        1942      3.17%     43.36% |        1974      3.22%     46.58% |        1944      3.17%     49.75% |        1991      3.25%     53.00% |        1957      3.19%     56.19% |        1958      3.19%     59.38% |        1936      3.16%     62.54% |        1938      3.16%     65.70% |        1914      3.12%     68.82% |        1959      3.19%     72.01% |        1899      3.10%     75.11% |        1921      3.13%     78.24% |        1918      3.13%     81.36% |        1921      3.13%     84.50% |        1884      3.07%     87.57% |        1919      3.13%     90.70% |        1889      3.08%     93.78% |        1926      3.14%     96.92% |        1892      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        61338                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2691      3.17%      3.17% |        2756      3.25%      6.42% |        2639      3.11%      9.53% |        2666      3.14%     12.68% |        2652      3.13%     15.80% |        2721      3.21%     19.01% |        2735      3.22%     22.23% |        2693      3.17%     25.41% |        2618      3.09%     28.50% |        2623      3.09%     31.59% |        2569      3.03%     34.62% |        2587      3.05%     37.67% |        2545      3.00%     40.67% |        2591      3.05%     43.72% |        2610      3.08%     46.80% |        2616      3.08%     49.88% |        2632      3.10%     52.99% |        2615      3.08%     56.07% |        2577      3.04%     59.11% |        2594      3.06%     62.16% |        2573      3.03%     65.20% |        2606      3.07%     68.27% |        2656      3.13%     71.40% |        2629      3.10%     74.50% |        2694      3.18%     77.68% |        2724      3.21%     80.89% |        2648      3.12%     84.01% |        2660      3.14%     87.15% |        2711      3.20%     90.34% |        2737      3.23%     93.57% |        2745      3.24%     96.80% |        2711      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        84824                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2399      3.15%      3.15% |        2321      3.04%      6.19% |        2326      3.05%      9.24% |        2315      3.04%     12.28% |        2353      3.09%     15.37% |        2353      3.09%     18.45% |        2404      3.15%     21.61% |        2427      3.18%     24.79% |        2396      3.14%     27.93% |        2357      3.09%     31.03% |        2385      3.13%     34.15% |        2353      3.09%     37.24% |        2375      3.12%     40.36% |        2397      3.14%     43.50% |        2424      3.18%     46.68% |        2394      3.14%     49.82% |        2458      3.22%     53.05% |        2425      3.18%     56.23% |        2392      3.14%     59.36% |        2334      3.06%     62.43% |        2328      3.05%     65.48% |        2402      3.15%     68.63% |        2389      3.13%     71.76% |        2319      3.04%     74.81% |        2413      3.17%     77.97% |        2427      3.18%     81.16% |        2417      3.17%     84.33% |        2331      3.06%     87.38% |        2403      3.15%     90.54% |        2383      3.13%     93.66% |        2447      3.21%     96.87% |        2384      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        76231                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        1849      3.01%      3.01% |        1864      3.04%      6.05% |        1863      3.04%      9.09% |        1863      3.04%     12.13% |        1891      3.08%     15.21% |        1921      3.13%     18.34% |        1949      3.18%     21.52% |        1924      3.14%     24.66% |        1924      3.14%     27.79% |        1886      3.07%     30.87% |        1905      3.11%     33.97% |        1905      3.11%     37.08% |        1911      3.12%     40.20% |        1942      3.17%     43.36% |        1974      3.22%     46.58% |        1944      3.17%     49.75% |        1991      3.25%     52.99% |        1957      3.19%     56.19% |        1957      3.19%     59.38% |        1936      3.16%     62.53% |        1938      3.16%     65.69% |        1914      3.12%     68.81% |        1959      3.19%     72.01% |        1899      3.10%     75.10% |        1921      3.13%     78.23% |        1920      3.13%     81.36% |        1921      3.13%     84.50% |        1884      3.07%     87.57% |        1919      3.13%     90.70% |        1889      3.08%     93.78% |        1926      3.14%     96.92% |        1892      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        61338                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      153020      5.69%      5.69% |       82903      3.08%      8.77% |       81708      3.04%     11.80% |       82665      3.07%     14.88% |       81780      3.04%     17.92% |       81123      3.01%     20.93% |       81174      3.02%     23.95% |       80814      3.00%     26.95% |       81127      3.01%     29.96% |       82227      3.06%     33.02% |       83569      3.11%     36.13% |       82751      3.08%     39.20% |       82225      3.06%     42.26% |       80786      3.00%     45.26% |       80104      2.98%     48.24% |       80493      2.99%     51.23% |       81519      3.03%     54.26% |       81168      3.02%     57.27% |       81875      3.04%     60.32% |       82159      3.05%     63.37% |       81838      3.04%     66.41% |       84036      3.12%     69.53% |       81806      3.04%     72.57% |       81373      3.02%     75.60% |       81344      3.02%     78.62% |       81686      3.04%     81.66% |       81412      3.03%     84.68% |       81227      3.02%     87.70% |       81396      3.02%     90.73% |       80787      3.00%     93.73% |       83517      3.10%     96.83% |       85270      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2690882                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         174     11.42%     11.42% |          48      3.15%     14.57% |          44      2.89%     17.45% |          44      2.89%     20.34% |          40      2.62%     22.97% |          42      2.76%     25.72% |          44      2.89%     28.61% |          44      2.89%     31.50% |          44      2.89%     34.38% |          46      3.02%     37.40% |          42      2.76%     40.16% |          42      2.76%     42.91% |          42      2.76%     45.67% |          42      2.76%     48.43% |          42      2.76%     51.18% |          42      2.76%     53.94% |          42      2.76%     56.69% |          44      2.89%     59.58% |          44      2.89%     62.47% |          44      2.89%     65.35% |          44      2.89%     68.24% |          46      3.02%     71.26% |          44      2.89%     74.15% |          42      2.76%     76.90% |          44      2.89%     79.79% |          46      3.02%     82.81% |          44      2.89%     85.70% |          42      2.76%     88.45% |          42      2.76%     91.21% |          44      2.89%     94.09% |          44      2.89%     96.98% |          46      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1524                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         469      3.23%      3.23% |         417      2.88%      6.11% |         425      2.93%      9.04% |         421      2.90%     11.94% |         431      2.97%     14.91% |         407      2.81%     17.72% |         430      2.96%     20.68% |         475      3.27%     23.96% |         448      3.09%     27.05% |         433      2.99%     30.03% |         459      3.16%     33.20% |         461      3.18%     36.38% |         488      3.36%     39.74% |         469      3.23%     42.97% |         480      3.31%     46.28% |         468      3.23%     49.51% |         480      3.31%     52.82% |         484      3.34%     56.16% |         481      3.32%     59.47% |         450      3.10%     62.58% |         438      3.02%     65.60% |         463      3.19%     68.79% |         425      2.93%     71.72% |         427      2.94%     74.66% |         476      3.28%     77.94% |         498      3.43%     81.38% |         476      3.28%     84.66% |         429      2.96%     87.62% |         450      3.10%     90.72% |         463      3.19%     93.91% |         457      3.15%     97.06% |         426      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        14504                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       24654      4.23%      4.23% |       18066      3.10%      7.33% |       18076      3.10%     10.44% |       18019      3.09%     13.53% |       18008      3.09%     16.62% |       17951      3.08%     19.70% |       17968      3.08%     22.78% |       18004      3.09%     25.87% |       17992      3.09%     28.96% |       18044      3.10%     32.06% |       18077      3.10%     35.16% |       17971      3.08%     38.25% |       17979      3.09%     41.33% |       17998      3.09%     44.42% |       17989      3.09%     47.51% |       17956      3.08%     50.59% |       17971      3.08%     53.68% |       17959      3.08%     56.76% |       17991      3.09%     59.85% |       17966      3.08%     62.93% |       17999      3.09%     66.02% |       18034      3.10%     69.12% |       18027      3.09%     72.21% |       17974      3.09%     75.30% |       17993      3.09%     78.38% |       17999      3.09%     81.47% |       18017      3.09%     84.57% |       17968      3.08%     87.65% |       18016      3.09%     90.74% |       17976      3.09%     93.83% |       17943      3.08%     96.91% |       18009      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       582594                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       21995      3.13%      3.13% |       21946      3.12%      6.26% |       21946      3.12%      9.38% |       21956      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21950      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21954      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21947      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21956      3.13%     56.25% |       21954      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21972      3.13%     65.62% |       21986      3.13%     68.75% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21960      3.13%     84.38% |       21942      3.12%     87.50% |       21943      3.12%     90.63% |       21945      3.12%     93.75% |       21954      3.13%     96.88% |       21937      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       702461                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           1     12.50%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           2     25.00%     62.50% |           1     12.50%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3380      3.10%      3.10% |        3265      3.00%      6.10% |        2996      2.75%      8.85% |        3066      2.82%     11.67% |        3043      2.79%     14.47% |        3558      3.27%     17.73% |        3265      3.00%     20.73% |        2812      2.58%     23.31% |        3062      2.81%     26.13% |        4674      4.29%     30.42% |        3411      3.13%     33.55% |        3329      3.06%     36.61% |        2989      2.75%     39.35% |        3914      3.59%     42.95% |        3345      3.07%     46.02% |        3310      3.04%     49.06% |        3632      3.34%     52.40% |        3663      3.36%     55.76% |        3162      2.90%     58.67% |        2880      2.65%     61.31% |        2631      2.42%     63.73% |        3271      3.00%     66.73% |        3086      2.83%     69.57% |        2926      2.69%     72.25% |        3121      2.87%     75.12% |        3218      2.96%     78.08% |        2761      2.54%     80.61% |        4179      3.84%     84.45% |        3520      3.23%     87.68% |        4763      4.37%     92.06% |        4635      4.26%     96.31% |        4014      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108881                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        4525      3.07%      3.07% |        4614      3.13%      6.20% |        4473      3.03%      9.23% |        4560      3.09%     12.32% |        4505      3.06%     15.38% |        4786      3.25%     18.63% |        4717      3.20%     21.83% |        4763      3.23%     25.06% |        4542      3.08%     28.14% |        4602      3.12%     31.26% |        4534      3.08%     34.33% |        4574      3.10%     37.43% |        4484      3.04%     40.48% |        4607      3.12%     43.60% |        4714      3.20%     46.80% |        4708      3.19%     49.99% |        4651      3.15%     53.14% |        4689      3.18%     56.32% |        4673      3.17%     59.49% |        4586      3.11%     62.60% |        4530      3.07%     65.68% |        4664      3.16%     68.84% |        4652      3.16%     71.99% |        4531      3.07%     75.07% |        4572      3.10%     78.17% |        4629      3.14%     81.31% |        4536      3.08%     84.38% |        4524      3.07%     87.45% |        4594      3.12%     90.57% |        4711      3.20%     93.76% |        4641      3.15%     96.91% |        4554      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total       147445                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      4.00%      4.00% |           4     16.00%     20.00% |           2      8.00%     28.00% |           4     16.00%     44.00% |           1      4.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           1      4.00%     52.00% |           1      4.00%     56.00% |           0      0.00%     56.00% |           4     16.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           5     20.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           1      4.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           3      1.00%      1.00% |           1      0.33%      1.33% |           6      1.99%      3.32% |          11      3.65%      6.98% |           4      1.33%      8.31% |          11      3.65%     11.96% |           7      2.33%     14.29% |          10      3.32%     17.61% |          11      3.65%     21.26% |           3      1.00%     22.26% |          10      3.32%     25.58% |          12      3.99%     29.57% |          11      3.65%     33.22% |          12      3.99%     37.21% |          10      3.32%     40.53% |           7      2.33%     42.86% |          12      3.99%     46.84% |           8      2.66%     49.50% |          10      3.32%     52.82% |          13      4.32%     57.14% |          12      3.99%     61.13% |           8      2.66%     63.79% |           7      2.33%     66.11% |          10      3.32%     69.44% |          14      4.65%     74.09% |          14      4.65%     78.74% |          11      3.65%     82.39% |          14      4.65%     87.04% |           6      1.99%     89.04% |           8      2.66%     91.69% |           6      1.99%     93.69% |          19      6.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total          301                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2296      3.12%      3.12% |        2251      3.05%      6.17% |        2254      3.06%      9.23% |        2250      3.05%     12.28% |        2288      3.10%     15.39% |        2281      3.10%     18.48% |        2337      3.17%     21.65% |        2353      3.19%     24.85% |        2324      3.15%     28.00% |        2277      3.09%     31.09% |        2281      3.10%     34.18% |        2277      3.09%     37.27% |        2295      3.11%     40.39% |        2310      3.13%     43.52% |        2337      3.17%     46.69% |        2308      3.13%     49.83% |        2380      3.23%     53.06% |        2350      3.19%     56.24% |        2328      3.16%     59.40% |        2271      3.08%     62.48% |        2262      3.07%     65.55% |        2279      3.09%     68.65% |        2295      3.11%     71.76% |        2253      3.06%     74.82% |        2331      3.16%     77.98% |        2354      3.19%     81.18% |        2340      3.18%     84.35% |        2257      3.06%     87.41% |        2317      3.14%     90.56% |        2310      3.13%     93.69% |        2356      3.20%     96.89% |        2293      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        73695                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.15%      5.15% |           8      8.25%     13.40% |           7      7.22%     20.62% |           8      8.25%     28.87% |           2      2.06%     30.93% |           6      6.19%     37.11% |           5      5.15%     42.27% |           1      1.03%     43.30% |           0      0.00%     43.30% |           1      1.03%     44.33% |           3      3.09%     47.42% |           3      3.09%     50.52% |           4      4.12%     54.64% |           0      0.00%     54.64% |           7      7.22%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           1      1.03%     62.89% |          11     11.34%     74.23% |           4      4.12%     78.35% |           1      1.03%     79.38% |           0      0.00%     79.38% |           2      2.06%     81.44% |           2      2.06%     83.51% |           4      4.12%     87.63% |           5      5.15%     92.78% |           2      2.06%     94.85% |           1      1.03%     95.88% |           2      2.06%     97.94% |           0      0.00%     97.94% |           1      1.03%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       86656      8.20%      8.20% |       32121      3.04%     11.25% |       31171      2.95%     14.20% |       31972      3.03%     17.22% |       31380      2.97%     20.20% |       30934      2.93%     23.12% |       30614      2.90%     26.02% |       30482      2.89%     28.91% |       30789      2.92%     31.82% |       31126      2.95%     34.77% |       33129      3.14%     37.91% |       32389      3.07%     40.97% |       31732      3.00%     43.98% |       30688      2.91%     46.88% |       30006      2.84%     49.73% |       30296      2.87%     52.59% |       31220      2.96%     55.55% |       30853      2.92%     58.47% |       31164      2.95%     61.42% |       31450      2.98%     64.40% |       31377      2.97%     67.37% |       32408      3.07%     70.44% |       31311      2.96%     73.40% |       30766      2.91%     76.32% |       30785      2.91%     79.23% |       31166      2.95%     82.18% |       30743      2.91%     85.09% |       30648      2.90%     88.00% |       31024      2.94%     90.93% |       30413      2.88%     93.81% |       31100      2.94%     96.76% |       34253      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      1056166                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       18886      5.83%      5.83% |        9927      3.07%      8.90% |        9722      3.00%     11.90% |        9921      3.06%     14.96% |        9644      2.98%     17.94% |        9477      2.93%     20.87% |        9871      3.05%     23.92% |        9591      2.96%     26.88% |        9582      2.96%     29.84% |       10308      3.18%     33.02% |        9656      2.98%     36.00% |        9646      2.98%     38.98% |        9765      3.02%     41.99% |        9358      2.89%     44.88% |        9398      2.90%     47.79% |        9502      2.93%     50.72% |        9588      2.96%     53.68% |        9593      2.96%     56.64% |        9977      3.08%     59.72% |        9987      3.08%     62.81% |        9673      2.99%     65.79% |       10769      3.33%     69.12% |        9722      3.00%     72.12% |        9860      3.04%     75.17% |        9777      3.02%     78.19% |        9722      3.00%     81.19% |        9902      3.06%     84.25% |        9854      3.04%     87.29% |        9591      2.96%     90.25% |        9623      2.97%     93.22% |       11719      3.62%     96.84% |       10234      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       323845                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       28157      4.02%      4.02% |       21660      3.09%      7.11% |       21678      3.10%     10.21% |       21690      3.10%     13.31% |       21654      3.09%     16.40% |       21662      3.09%     19.49% |       21669      3.09%     22.59% |       21681      3.10%     25.68% |       21688      3.10%     28.78% |       21684      3.10%     31.88% |       21694      3.10%     34.98% |       21702      3.10%     38.08% |       21674      3.10%     41.17% |       21685      3.10%     44.27% |       21675      3.10%     47.36% |       21666      3.09%     50.46% |       21697      3.10%     53.56% |       21673      3.10%     56.65% |       21686      3.10%     59.75% |       21686      3.10%     62.84% |       21674      3.10%     65.94% |       21695      3.10%     69.04% |       21678      3.10%     72.13% |       21682      3.10%     75.23% |       21692      3.10%     78.33% |       21685      3.10%     81.43% |       21695      3.10%     84.52% |       21679      3.10%     87.62% |       21681      3.10%     90.72% |       21674      3.10%     93.81% |       21671      3.09%     96.91% |       21666      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       700233                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       15434      3.16%      3.16% |       15383      3.15%      6.30% |       15378      3.14%      9.45% |       15337      3.14%     12.58% |       15312      3.13%     15.71% |       15235      3.12%     18.83% |       15221      3.11%     21.94% |       15257      3.12%     25.06% |       15254      3.12%     28.18% |       15327      3.13%     31.31% |       15333      3.14%     34.45% |       15289      3.13%     37.57% |       15314      3.13%     40.71% |       15278      3.12%     43.83% |       15261      3.12%     46.95% |       15245      3.12%     50.07% |       15187      3.11%     53.17% |       15237      3.12%     56.29% |       15286      3.13%     59.41% |       15279      3.12%     62.54% |       15326      3.13%     65.67% |       15299      3.13%     68.80% |       15260      3.12%     71.92% |       15287      3.13%     75.05% |       15256      3.12%     78.16% |       15271      3.12%     81.29% |       15282      3.12%     84.41% |       15273      3.12%     87.54% |       15265      3.12%     90.66% |       15263      3.12%     93.78% |       15171      3.10%     96.88% |       15262      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       489062                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        1849      3.01%      3.01% |        1864      3.04%      6.05% |        1863      3.04%      9.09% |        1863      3.04%     12.13% |        1891      3.08%     15.21% |        1921      3.13%     18.34% |        1949      3.18%     21.52% |        1924      3.14%     24.66% |        1924      3.14%     27.79% |        1886      3.07%     30.87% |        1905      3.11%     33.97% |        1905      3.11%     37.08% |        1911      3.12%     40.20% |        1942      3.17%     43.36% |        1974      3.22%     46.58% |        1944      3.17%     49.75% |        1991      3.25%     52.99% |        1957      3.19%     56.19% |        1957      3.19%     59.38% |        1936      3.16%     62.53% |        1938      3.16%     65.69% |        1914      3.12%     68.81% |        1959      3.19%     72.01% |        1899      3.10%     75.10% |        1921      3.13%     78.23% |        1920      3.13%     81.36% |        1921      3.13%     84.50% |        1884      3.07%     87.57% |        1919      3.13%     90.70% |        1889      3.08%     93.78% |        1926      3.14%     96.92% |        1892      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        61338                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         838      3.15%      3.15% |         851      3.20%      6.35% |         808      3.04%      9.39% |         818      3.08%     12.46% |         833      3.13%     15.59% |         836      3.14%     18.74% |         807      3.03%     21.77% |         844      3.17%     24.94% |         857      3.22%     28.16% |         847      3.18%     31.35% |         806      3.03%     34.38% |         818      3.08%     37.45% |         831      3.12%     40.58% |         835      3.14%     43.72% |         807      3.03%     46.75% |         854      3.21%     49.96% |         848      3.19%     53.15% |         846      3.18%     56.33% |         809      3.04%     59.37% |         820      3.08%     62.45% |         831      3.12%     65.58% |         853      3.21%     68.78% |         822      3.09%     71.87% |         846      3.18%     75.05% |         846      3.18%     78.23% |         855      3.21%     81.45% |         797      3.00%     84.44% |         819      3.08%     87.52% |         823      3.09%     90.62% |         833      3.13%     93.75% |         814      3.06%     96.81% |         849      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total        26601                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      150043      5.78%      5.78% |       79990      3.08%      8.86% |       78842      3.04%     11.90% |       79801      3.07%     14.97% |       78865      3.04%     18.01% |       78170      3.01%     21.02% |       78229      3.01%     24.03% |       77859      3.00%     27.03% |       78157      3.01%     30.04% |       79291      3.05%     33.09% |       80642      3.11%     36.20% |       79837      3.07%     39.27% |       79295      3.05%     42.33% |       77814      3.00%     45.32% |       77136      2.97%     48.29% |       77497      2.98%     51.28% |       78489      3.02%     54.30% |       78174      3.01%     57.31% |       78943      3.04%     60.35% |       79226      3.05%     63.40% |       78869      3.04%     66.44% |       81012      3.12%     69.56% |       78814      3.04%     72.60% |       78451      3.02%     75.62% |       78372      3.02%     78.63% |       78728      3.03%     81.67% |       78507      3.02%     84.69% |       78337      3.02%     87.71% |       78445      3.02%     90.73% |       77866      3.00%     93.73% |       80555      3.10%     96.83% |       82323      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2596579                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.33%      3.33% |           0      0.00%      3.33% |           0      0.00%      3.33% |           1      3.33%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           1      3.33%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           2      6.67%     16.67% |           1      3.33%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1      3.33%     23.33% |           3     10.00%     33.33% |           3     10.00%     43.33% |           0      0.00%     43.33% |           1      3.33%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           3     10.00%     56.67% |           0      0.00%     56.67% |           2      6.67%     63.33% |           1      3.33%     66.67% |           2      6.67%     73.33% |           1      3.33%     76.67% |           0      0.00%     76.67% |           2      6.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2      6.67%     90.00% |           3     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total           30                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |          11      3.99%      3.99% |          13      4.71%      8.70% |          10      3.62%     12.32% |           2      0.72%     13.04% |           7      2.54%     15.58% |          13      4.71%     20.29% |           9      3.26%     23.55% |           5      1.81%     25.36% |           6      2.17%     27.54% |          13      4.71%     32.25% |          15      5.43%     37.68% |           3      1.09%     38.77% |           0      0.00%     38.77% |           3      1.09%     39.86% |           1      0.36%     40.22% |          10      3.62%     43.84% |           7      2.54%     46.38% |          12      4.35%     50.72% |           9      3.26%     53.99% |          15      5.43%     59.42% |           8      2.90%     62.32% |           9      3.26%     65.58% |          18      6.52%     72.10% |           6      2.17%     74.28% |          10      3.62%     77.90% |          11      3.99%     81.88% |           6      2.17%     84.06% |           8      2.90%     86.96% |           8      2.90%     89.86% |          12      4.35%     94.20% |          12      4.35%     98.55% |           4      1.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          276                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         109      3.97%      3.97% |          72      2.62%      6.59% |          80      2.91%      9.51% |          70      2.55%     12.06% |          73      2.66%     14.72% |          70      2.55%     17.27% |          66      2.40%     19.67% |          80      2.91%     22.59% |          76      2.77%     25.36% |          82      2.99%     28.34% |         105      3.83%     32.17% |          79      2.88%     35.05% |          85      3.10%     38.14% |          89      3.24%     41.38% |          90      3.28%     44.66% |          91      3.32%     47.98% |          85      3.10%     51.07% |          81      2.95%     54.03% |          70      2.55%     56.58% |          69      2.51%     59.09% |          93      3.39%     62.48% |         154      5.61%     68.09% |          99      3.61%     71.69% |          78      2.84%     74.54% |          93      3.39%     77.92% |          76      2.77%     80.69% |          84      3.06%     83.75% |          77      2.81%     86.56% |          93      3.39%     89.95% |          79      2.88%     92.82% |          98      3.57%     96.39% |          99      3.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2745                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          17     28.81%     28.81% |           0      0.00%     28.81% |           0      0.00%     28.81% |           0      0.00%     28.81% |           0      0.00%     28.81% |           0      0.00%     28.81% |           0      0.00%     28.81% |           0      0.00%     28.81% |           0      0.00%     28.81% |           0      0.00%     28.81% |           0      0.00%     28.81% |           0      0.00%     28.81% |           0      0.00%     28.81% |           0      0.00%     28.81% |           0      0.00%     28.81% |           0      0.00%     28.81% |           0      0.00%     28.81% |           0      0.00%     28.81% |           0      0.00%     28.81% |           0      0.00%     28.81% |           0      0.00%     28.81% |          16     27.12%     55.93% |          13     22.03%     77.97% |          13     22.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3      2.65%      2.65% |           1      0.88%      3.54% |           0      0.00%      3.54% |          23     20.35%     23.89% |           0      0.00%     23.89% |           0      0.00%     23.89% |           1      0.88%     24.78% |           0      0.00%     24.78% |           1      0.88%     25.66% |           0      0.00%     25.66% |           1      0.88%     26.55% |           0      0.00%     26.55% |           0      0.00%     26.55% |           0      0.00%     26.55% |          61     53.98%     80.53% |          12     10.62%     91.15% |           2      1.77%     92.92% |           3      2.65%     95.58% |           1      0.88%     96.46% |           2      1.77%     98.23% |           0      0.00%     98.23% |           1      0.88%     99.12% |           0      0.00%     99.12% |           0      0.00%     99.12% |           1      0.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          113                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           24                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       46094      3.64%      3.64% |       39405      3.11%      6.75% |       39423      3.11%      9.86% |       39372      3.11%     12.97% |       39355      3.11%     16.08% |       39284      3.10%     19.18% |       39325      3.10%     22.28% |       39398      3.11%     25.39% |       39370      3.11%     28.50% |       39407      3.11%     31.61% |       39450      3.11%     34.72% |       39371      3.11%     37.83% |       39390      3.11%     40.94% |       39386      3.11%     44.05% |       39386      3.11%     47.16% |       39341      3.11%     50.27% |       39377      3.11%     53.37% |       39375      3.11%     56.48% |       39402      3.11%     59.59% |       39342      3.11%     62.70% |       39385      3.11%     65.81% |       39459      3.11%     68.92% |       39372      3.11%     72.03% |       39327      3.10%     75.13% |       39405      3.11%     78.25% |       39423      3.11%     81.36% |       39429      3.11%     84.47% |       39314      3.10%     87.57% |       39385      3.11%     90.68% |       39360      3.11%     93.79% |       39330      3.10%     96.89% |       39348      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1266790                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          62     21.53%     21.53% |          11      3.82%     25.35% |           9      3.12%     28.47% |           1      0.35%     28.82% |           6      2.08%     30.90% |          11      3.82%     34.72% |           8      2.78%     37.50% |           4      1.39%     38.89% |           4      1.39%     40.28% |          12      4.17%     44.44% |          12      4.17%     48.61% |           3      1.04%     49.65% |           0      0.00%     49.65% |           3      1.04%     50.69% |           1      0.35%     51.04% |          10      3.47%     54.51% |           7      2.43%     56.94% |          11      3.82%     60.76% |           8      2.78%     63.54% |          15      5.21%     68.75% |           7      2.43%     71.18% |           5      1.74%     72.92% |          15      5.21%     78.13% |           6      2.08%     80.21% |           9      3.12%     83.33% |          10      3.47%     86.81% |           5      1.74%     88.54% |           5      1.74%     90.28% |           5      1.74%     92.01% |          10      3.47%     95.49% |          11      3.82%     99.31% |           2      0.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          288                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      7.14%      7.14% |           2      4.76%     11.90% |           1      2.38%     14.29% |           1      2.38%     16.67% |           1      2.38%     19.05% |           2      4.76%     23.81% |           1      2.38%     26.19% |           1      2.38%     28.57% |           2      4.76%     33.33% |           1      2.38%     35.71% |           3      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1      2.38%     45.24% |           1      2.38%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           1      2.38%     50.00% |           4      9.52%     59.52% |           3      7.14%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      2.38%     69.05% |           1      2.38%     71.43% |           1      2.38%     73.81% |           3      7.14%     80.95% |           3      7.14%     88.10% |           2      4.76%     92.86% |           1      2.38%     95.24% |           2      4.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           42                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           6     75.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     12.50%     12.50% |          21     87.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           24                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           9      3.37%      3.37% |           6      2.25%      5.62% |          10      3.75%      9.36% |           7      2.62%     11.99% |          10      3.75%     15.73% |           2      0.75%     16.48% |           1      0.37%     16.85% |           6      2.25%     19.10% |           6      2.25%     21.35% |           4      1.50%     22.85% |           5      1.87%     24.72% |           3      1.12%     25.84% |           6      2.25%     28.09% |           2      0.75%     28.84% |           4      1.50%     30.34% |           5      1.87%     32.21% |           7      2.62%     34.83% |           7      2.62%     37.45% |           7      2.62%     40.07% |           6      2.25%     42.32% |          28     10.49%     52.81% |          35     13.11%     65.92% |           8      3.00%     68.91% |          12      4.49%     73.41% |          13      4.87%     78.28% |           7      2.62%     80.90% |           8      3.00%     83.90% |           6      2.25%     86.14% |          10      3.75%     89.89% |           8      3.00%     92.88% |           8      3.00%     95.88% |          11      4.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          267                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         100      4.04%      4.04% |          66      2.67%      6.70% |          70      2.83%      9.53% |          63      2.54%     12.08% |          63      2.54%     14.62% |          68      2.75%     17.37% |          65      2.63%     19.99% |          73      2.95%     22.94% |          70      2.83%     25.77% |          78      3.15%     28.92% |         100      4.04%     32.96% |          76      3.07%     36.03% |          79      3.19%     39.22% |          87      3.51%     42.73% |          86      3.47%     46.20% |          86      3.47%     49.68% |          78      3.15%     52.83% |          74      2.99%     55.82% |          62      2.50%     58.32% |          63      2.54%     60.86% |          65      2.63%     63.49% |         119      4.81%     68.30% |          91      3.68%     71.97% |          66      2.67%     74.64% |          80      3.23%     77.87% |          69      2.79%     80.65% |          76      3.07%     83.72% |          71      2.87%     86.59% |          83      3.35%     89.94% |          71      2.87%     92.81% |          90      3.63%     96.45% |          88      3.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         2476                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        2691      3.17%      3.17% |        2756      3.25%      6.42% |        2639      3.11%      9.53% |        2666      3.14%     12.68% |        2652      3.13%     15.80% |        2721      3.21%     19.01% |        2735      3.22%     22.23% |        2693      3.17%     25.41% |        2618      3.09%     28.50% |        2623      3.09%     31.59% |        2569      3.03%     34.62% |        2587      3.05%     37.67% |        2545      3.00%     40.67% |        2591      3.05%     43.72% |        2610      3.08%     46.80% |        2616      3.08%     49.88% |        2632      3.10%     52.99% |        2615      3.08%     56.07% |        2577      3.04%     59.11% |        2594      3.06%     62.17% |        2573      3.03%     65.20% |        2606      3.07%     68.27% |        2656      3.13%     71.40% |        2629      3.10%     74.50% |        2694      3.18%     77.68% |        2722      3.21%     80.89% |        2648      3.12%     84.01% |        2660      3.14%     87.14% |        2711      3.20%     90.34% |        2737      3.23%     93.57% |        2745      3.24%     96.80% |        2711      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        84822                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2296      3.12%      3.12% |        2251      3.05%      6.17% |        2254      3.06%      9.23% |        2250      3.05%     12.28% |        2288      3.10%     15.39% |        2281      3.10%     18.48% |        2337      3.17%     21.65% |        2353      3.19%     24.85% |        2324      3.15%     28.00% |        2277      3.09%     31.09% |        2281      3.10%     34.18% |        2277      3.09%     37.27% |        2295      3.11%     40.39% |        2310      3.13%     43.52% |        2337      3.17%     46.69% |        2308      3.13%     49.83% |        2380      3.23%     53.06% |        2350      3.19%     56.24% |        2328      3.16%     59.40% |        2271      3.08%     62.48% |        2262      3.07%     65.55% |        2279      3.09%     68.65% |        2295      3.11%     71.76% |        2253      3.06%     74.82% |        2331      3.16%     77.98% |        2354      3.19%     81.18% |        2340      3.18%     84.35% |        2257      3.06%     87.41% |        2317      3.14%     90.56% |        2310      3.13%     93.69% |        2356      3.20%     96.89% |        2293      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        73695                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |          11      1.32%      1.32% |          12      1.44%      2.77% |          21      2.53%      5.29% |          26      3.13%      8.42% |          26      3.13%     11.55% |          25      3.01%     14.56% |          37      4.45%     19.01% |          50      6.02%     25.03% |          47      5.66%     30.69% |          53      6.38%     37.06% |          38      4.57%     41.64% |          36      4.33%     45.97% |          33      3.97%     49.94% |          36      4.33%     54.27% |          42      5.05%     59.33% |          56      6.74%     66.06% |          58      6.98%     73.04% |          39      4.69%     77.74% |          29      3.49%     81.23% |          16      1.93%     83.15% |          14      1.68%     84.84% |          14      1.68%     86.52% |          20      2.41%     88.93% |          23      2.77%     91.70% |          18      2.17%     93.86% |           6      0.72%     94.58% |           8      0.96%     95.55% |           5      0.60%     96.15% |           3      0.36%     96.51% |           3      0.36%     96.87% |          14      1.68%     98.56% |          12      1.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total          831                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       24643      4.24%      4.24% |       18054      3.10%      7.34% |       18055      3.10%     10.44% |       17993      3.09%     13.54% |       17982      3.09%     16.63% |       17926      3.08%     19.71% |       17931      3.08%     22.79% |       17954      3.09%     25.88% |       17945      3.08%     28.96% |       17991      3.09%     32.05% |       18039      3.10%     35.15% |       17935      3.08%     38.24% |       17946      3.08%     41.32% |       17962      3.09%     44.41% |       17947      3.08%     47.49% |       17900      3.08%     50.57% |       17913      3.08%     53.65% |       17920      3.08%     56.73% |       17962      3.09%     59.82% |       17950      3.09%     62.90% |       17985      3.09%     65.99% |       18020      3.10%     69.09% |       18007      3.10%     72.19% |       17951      3.09%     75.27% |       17975      3.09%     78.36% |       17993      3.09%     81.46% |       18009      3.10%     84.55% |       17963      3.09%     87.64% |       18013      3.10%     90.74% |       17973      3.09%     93.82% |       17929      3.08%     96.91% |       17997      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       581763                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         480      3.13%      3.13% |         429      2.80%      5.93% |         446      2.91%      8.84% |         447      2.92%     11.75% |         457      2.98%     14.73% |         432      2.82%     17.55% |         467      3.05%     20.59% |         525      3.42%     24.02% |         495      3.23%     27.25% |         486      3.17%     30.42% |         497      3.24%     33.66% |         497      3.24%     36.90% |         521      3.40%     40.30% |         505      3.29%     43.59% |         522      3.40%     46.99% |         524      3.42%     50.41% |         538      3.51%     53.92% |         523      3.41%     57.33% |         510      3.33%     60.66% |         466      3.04%     63.70% |         452      2.95%     66.64% |         477      3.11%     69.75% |         445      2.90%     72.66% |         450      2.93%     75.59% |         494      3.22%     78.81% |         504      3.29%     82.10% |         484      3.16%     85.25% |         433      2.82%     88.08% |         453      2.95%     91.03% |         466      3.04%     94.07% |         471      3.07%     97.14% |         438      2.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15334                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           2     28.57%     42.86% |           1     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1     14.29%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       21995      3.13%      3.13% |       21946      3.12%      6.26% |       21946      3.12%      9.38% |       21956      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21950      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21954      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21947      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21956      3.13%     56.25% |       21954      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21972      3.13%     65.62% |       21986      3.13%     68.75% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21960      3.13%     84.38% |       21942      3.12%     87.50% |       21943      3.12%     90.63% |       21945      3.12%     93.75% |       21954      3.13%     96.88% |       21937      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       702461                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.35%      4.35% |           4      8.70%     13.04% |           6     13.04%     26.09% |           5     10.87%     36.96% |           1      2.17%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           1      2.17%     41.30% |           1      2.17%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           4      8.70%     52.17% |           0      0.00%     52.17% |           5     10.87%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           9     19.57%     82.61% |           2      4.35%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           1      2.17%     89.13% |           0      0.00%     89.13% |           1      2.17%     91.30% |           1      2.17%     93.48% |           2      4.35%     97.83% |           0      0.00%     97.83% |           1      2.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           46                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |          12      2.14%      2.14% |          16      2.86%      5.00% |          10      1.79%      6.79% |          10      1.79%      8.57% |          15      2.68%     11.25% |          14      2.50%     13.75% |          17      3.04%     16.79% |          21      3.75%     20.54% |          28      5.00%     25.54% |          19      3.39%     28.93% |          14      2.50%     31.43% |          24      4.29%     35.71% |          23      4.11%     39.82% |          15      2.68%     42.50% |          15      2.68%     45.18% |          17      3.04%     48.21% |          28      5.00%     53.21% |          25      4.46%     57.68% |          25      4.46%     62.14% |          28      5.00%     67.14% |          16      2.86%     70.00% |          12      2.14%     72.14% |           9      1.61%     73.75% |          20      3.57%     77.32% |          22      3.93%     81.25% |          20      3.57%     84.82% |          18      3.21%     88.04% |          15      2.68%     90.71% |          19      3.39%     94.11% |           8      1.43%     95.54% |           9      1.61%     97.14% |          16      2.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total          560                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           2     40.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           1      2.00%      2.00% |           1      2.00%      4.00% |           0      0.00%      4.00% |           0      0.00%      4.00% |           1      2.00%      6.00% |           0      0.00%      6.00% |           0      0.00%      6.00% |           1      2.00%      8.00% |           1      2.00%     10.00% |           1      2.00%     12.00% |           4      8.00%     20.00% |           1      2.00%     22.00% |           1      2.00%     24.00% |           3      6.00%     30.00% |           6     12.00%     42.00% |           3      6.00%     48.00% |           2      4.00%     52.00% |           1      2.00%     54.00% |           2      4.00%     58.00% |           3      6.00%     64.00% |           2      4.00%     68.00% |           2      4.00%     72.00% |           2      4.00%     76.00% |           3      6.00%     82.00% |           2      4.00%     86.00% |           0      0.00%     86.00% |           2      4.00%     90.00% |           1      2.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           3      6.00%     98.00% |           1      2.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total           50                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      153018      5.69%      5.69% |       82899      3.08%      8.77% |       81702      3.04%     11.80% |       82660      3.07%     14.88% |       81779      3.04%     17.91% |       81123      3.01%     20.93% |       81174      3.02%     23.95% |       80814      3.00%     26.95% |       81127      3.01%     29.96% |       82226      3.06%     33.02% |       83568      3.11%     36.13% |       82751      3.08%     39.20% |       82221      3.06%     42.26% |       80786      3.00%     45.26% |       80099      2.98%     48.24% |       80493      2.99%     51.23% |       81519      3.03%     54.26% |       81168      3.02%     57.27% |       81866      3.04%     60.32% |       82157      3.05%     63.37% |       81838      3.04%     66.41% |       84036      3.12%     69.53% |       81806      3.04%     72.57% |       81373      3.02%     75.60% |       81343      3.02%     78.62% |       81686      3.04%     81.66% |       81411      3.03%     84.68% |       81226      3.02%     87.70% |       81394      3.02%     90.73% |       80787      3.00%     93.73% |       83516      3.10%     96.83% |       85270      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2690836                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           3     30.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     10.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     20.00%     70.00% |           1     10.00%     80.00% |           1     10.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           3      1.04%      1.04% |           1      0.35%      1.38% |           6      2.08%      3.46% |          11      3.81%      7.27% |           4      1.38%      8.65% |           9      3.11%     11.76% |           7      2.42%     14.19% |          10      3.46%     17.65% |          10      3.46%     21.11% |           3      1.04%     22.15% |          10      3.46%     25.61% |          11      3.81%     29.41% |          10      3.46%     32.87% |          10      3.46%     36.33% |          10      3.46%     39.79% |           7      2.42%     42.21% |          11      3.81%     46.02% |           8      2.77%     48.79% |          10      3.46%     52.25% |          13      4.50%     56.75% |          12      4.15%     60.90% |           8      2.77%     63.67% |           6      2.08%     65.74% |          10      3.46%     69.20% |          14      4.84%     74.05% |          14      4.84%     78.89% |          11      3.81%     82.70% |          13      4.50%     87.20% |           6      2.08%     89.27% |           8      2.77%     92.04% |           5      1.73%     93.77% |          18      6.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total          289                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        1832      3.09%      3.09% |        1838      3.10%      6.18% |        1828      3.08%      9.26% |        1798      3.03%     12.29% |        1853      3.12%     15.41% |        1858      3.13%     18.54% |        1878      3.16%     21.71% |        1864      3.14%     24.85% |        1822      3.07%     27.92% |        1819      3.06%     30.98% |        1860      3.13%     34.11% |        1852      3.12%     37.23% |        1863      3.14%     40.37% |        1862      3.14%     43.51% |        1904      3.21%     46.72% |        1904      3.21%     49.92% |        1934      3.26%     53.18% |        1850      3.12%     56.30% |        1881      3.17%     59.47% |        1873      3.16%     62.62% |        1831      3.08%     65.71% |        1826      3.08%     68.78% |        1884      3.17%     71.96% |        1850      3.12%     75.07% |        1863      3.14%     78.21% |        1856      3.13%     81.34% |        1866      3.14%     84.48% |        1814      3.06%     87.54% |        1883      3.17%     90.71% |        1812      3.05%     93.76% |        1878      3.16%     96.93% |        1825      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        59361                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          17      0.86%      0.86% |          26      1.32%      2.18% |          35      1.77%      3.95% |          65      3.29%      7.24% |          38      1.92%      9.16% |          63      3.19%     12.35% |          71      3.59%     15.95% |          60      3.04%     18.99% |         102      5.16%     24.15% |          67      3.39%     27.54% |          45      2.28%     29.82% |          53      2.68%     32.51% |          48      2.43%     34.94% |          80      4.05%     38.99% |          70      3.54%     42.53% |          40      2.03%     44.56% |          57      2.89%     47.44% |         107      5.42%     52.86% |          76      3.85%     56.71% |          63      3.19%     59.90% |         107      5.42%     65.32% |          88      4.46%     69.77% |          75      3.80%     73.57% |          49      2.48%     76.05% |          58      2.94%     78.99% |          62      3.14%     82.13% |          55      2.78%     84.91% |          70      3.54%     88.46% |          36      1.82%     90.28% |          77      3.90%     94.18% |          48      2.43%     96.61% |          67      3.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         1975                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          17      0.86%      0.86% |          26      1.32%      2.18% |          35      1.77%      3.95% |          65      3.29%      7.24% |          38      1.92%      9.16% |          63      3.19%     12.35% |          71      3.59%     15.95% |          60      3.04%     18.99% |         102      5.16%     24.15% |          67      3.39%     27.54% |          45      2.28%     29.82% |          53      2.68%     32.51% |          48      2.43%     34.94% |          80      4.05%     38.99% |          70      3.54%     42.53% |          40      2.03%     44.56% |          57      2.89%     47.44% |         107      5.42%     52.86% |          76      3.85%     56.71% |          63      3.19%     59.90% |         107      5.42%     65.32% |          88      4.46%     69.77% |          75      3.80%     73.57% |          49      2.48%     76.05% |          58      2.94%     78.99% |          62      3.14%     82.13% |          55      2.78%     84.91% |          70      3.54%     88.46% |          36      1.82%     90.28% |          77      3.90%     94.18% |          48      2.43%     96.61% |          67      3.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         1975                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           2     20.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           2     20.00%     50.00% |           1     10.00%     60.00% |           1     10.00%     70.00% |           1     10.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           2     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1832      3.09%      3.09% |        1838      3.10%      6.18% |        1828      3.08%      9.26% |        1798      3.03%     12.29% |        1853      3.12%     15.41% |        1858      3.13%     18.54% |        1878      3.16%     21.71% |        1864      3.14%     24.85% |        1822      3.07%     27.91% |        1819      3.06%     30.98% |        1860      3.13%     34.11% |        1852      3.12%     37.23% |        1863      3.14%     40.37% |        1862      3.14%     43.51% |        1904      3.21%     46.71% |        1904      3.21%     49.92% |        1934      3.26%     53.18% |        1850      3.12%     56.30% |        1881      3.17%     59.46% |        1873      3.16%     62.62% |        1831      3.08%     65.70% |        1826      3.08%     68.78% |        1884      3.17%     71.95% |        1850      3.12%     75.07% |        1863      3.14%     78.21% |        1858      3.13%     81.34% |        1866      3.14%     84.48% |        1814      3.06%     87.54% |        1883      3.17%     90.71% |        1812      3.05%     93.76% |        1878      3.16%     96.93% |        1825      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        59363                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      517989     19.63%     19.63% |     1319484     50.00%     69.63% |       95758      3.63%     73.26% |      107688      4.08%     77.34% |       99100      3.76%     81.09% |      109950      4.17%     85.26% |       99897      3.79%     89.04% |      106307      4.03%     93.07% |       90810      3.44%     96.51% |       91985      3.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      2638968                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      517989     19.63%     19.63% |     1319484     50.00%     69.63% |       95758      3.63%     73.26% |      107688      4.08%     77.34% |       99100      3.76%     81.09% |      109950      4.17%     85.26% |       99897      3.79%     89.04% |      106307      4.03%     93.07% |       90810      3.44%     96.51% |       91985      3.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      2638968                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      517989     19.63%     19.63% |     1319484     50.00%     69.63% |       95758      3.63%     73.26% |      107688      4.08%     77.34% |       99100      3.76%     81.09% |      109950      4.17%     85.26% |       99897      3.79%     89.04% |      106307      4.03%     93.07% |       90810      3.44%     96.51% |       91985      3.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      2638968                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      517989     19.63%     19.63% |     1319484     50.00%     69.63% |       95758      3.63%     73.26% |      107688      4.08%     77.34% |       99100      3.76%     81.09% |      109950      4.17%     85.26% |       99897      3.79%     89.04% |      106307      4.03%     93.07% |       90810      3.44%     96.51% |       91985      3.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      2638968                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
