
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.061568                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 61567562500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5237735641000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  36932                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    63795                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               79943709                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3540196                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   770.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    28442912                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      49130819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12610944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          12610944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8056576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        8056576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       197046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             197046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       125884                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            125884                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    204830977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            204830977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    130857479                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           130857479                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    335688456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           335688456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     197046                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    125884                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   197046                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  125884                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              12609536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                8056320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               12610944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             8056576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            12044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            12163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            12105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            12454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            12242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            12286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            12487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            12619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            12395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            12783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           12392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           12667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           12231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           12027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           12228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           11901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             7803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             7660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             7801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             7880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             7803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             7877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             7995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             8059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             7920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             8099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            7908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            7916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            7794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            7829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            7908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            7628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      163                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  61567071500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               197046                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              125884                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 134389                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  27712                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  16745                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   8857                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   4187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   2498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    815                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     81                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  23511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  25095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  25059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  24875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  24908                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   1284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                    469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        70363                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   293.697995                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   196.620734                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   277.736162                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        20963     29.79%     29.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        14139     20.09%     49.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        20779     29.53%     79.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3631      5.16%     84.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1996      2.84%     87.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1216      1.73%     89.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          986      1.40%     90.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          985      1.40%     91.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5668      8.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        70363                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        23510                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.380179                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    28.207974                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        23494     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           15      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        23510                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        23510                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.354317                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.283157                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.044473                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          22283     94.78%     94.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1119      4.76%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          107      0.46%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        23510                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  3545922066                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             7240122066                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 985120000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    17997.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               36747.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      204.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      130.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   204.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   130.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  160124                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  92414                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                81.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               73.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    190651.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   78.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11704586000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     2055820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    47805750250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              268856280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              263088000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              146697375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              143550000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             767520000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             769220400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            407449440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            408252960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         4021183920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         4021183920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        25335509625                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        24805795230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        14715554250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        15180216000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          45662770890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          45591306510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          741.686405                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          740.525631                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12390528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          12390528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7841216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        7841216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       193602                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             193602                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       122519                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            122519                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    201250910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            201250910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    127359533                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           127359533                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    328610443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           328610443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     193602                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    122519                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   193602                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  122519                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              12388928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                7840960                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               12390528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             7841216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            11840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            11946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            11885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            12224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            12049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            12103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            12307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            12416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            12179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            12555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           12164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           12477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           12006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           11800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           11911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           11715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             7601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             7470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             7607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             7670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             7608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             7682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             7772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             7842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             7709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             7884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            7691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            7707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            7587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            7615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            7640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            7430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      187                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  61566796000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               193602                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              122519                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 133005                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  27598                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  15333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   8371                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   4166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   2491                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                    849                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                    221                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  22994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  24373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  24385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  24251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  24256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   1158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                    473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        63544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   318.353267                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   219.882014                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   282.791511                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        15121     23.80%     23.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12970     20.41%     44.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        20925     32.93%     77.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3538      5.57%     82.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2083      3.28%     85.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1230      1.94%     87.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1001      1.58%     89.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          920      1.45%     90.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5756      9.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        63544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22993                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.418649                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    23.331046                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        22980     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           11      0.05%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        22993                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22993                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.328361                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.261243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.011350                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-5          19732     85.82%     85.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::6-7           2073      9.02%     94.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-9            834      3.63%     98.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::10-11          271      1.18%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-13           74      0.32%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::14-15            9      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        22993                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  3347672546                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             6977241296                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 967885000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    17293.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               36043.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      201.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      127.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   201.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   127.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  159380                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  93164                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                82.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               76.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    194757.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   79.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11975556500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     2055820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    47534878500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              243552960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              236839680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              132891000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              129228000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             754790400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             755055600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            396912960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            396984240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         4021183920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         4021183920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        25109425395                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        24560570115                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        14913888000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        15395340000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          45572644635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          45495201555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          740.222226                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          738.964342                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12391744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          12391744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      7841408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        7841408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       193621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             193621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       122522                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            122522                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    201270661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            201270661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    127362651                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           127362651                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    328633312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           328633312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     193621                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    122522                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   193621                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  122522                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              12390720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                7841152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               12391744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             7841408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            11838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            11982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            11905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            12265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            12055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            12087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            12281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            12415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            12170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            12541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           12171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           12516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           12003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           11765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           11895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           11716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             7594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             7469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             7607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             7679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             7606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             7667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             7765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             7850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             7711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             7886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            7690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            7718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            7593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            7605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            7647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            7431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      186                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  61567424500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               193621                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              122522                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 133213                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  28701                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  14346                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   7929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   4253                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   2474                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1517                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                    837                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                    228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  23036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  24455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  24342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  24208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  24245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   1104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                    498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        63342                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   319.398819                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   221.111353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   282.716082                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        14899     23.52%     23.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12733     20.10%     43.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21231     33.52%     77.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3656      5.77%     82.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1920      3.03%     85.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1203      1.90%     87.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1000      1.58%     89.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          918      1.45%     90.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5782      9.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        63342                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        23035                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.404558                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    23.395142                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        23022     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           11      0.05%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        23035                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        23035                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.318776                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.253530                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.001610                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          21946     95.27%     95.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           993      4.31%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           94      0.41%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        23035                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  3348726011                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             6978819761                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 968025000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    17296.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               36046.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      201.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      127.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   201.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   127.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  159295                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  93481                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                82.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               76.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    194745.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   79.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11954562750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     2055820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    47555769750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              241829280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              237006000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              131950500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              129318750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             755227200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             754829400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            396796320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            397087920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         4021183920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         4021183920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        24827189895                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        24359393745                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        15161446500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        15571794000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          45535623615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          45470613735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          739.621236                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          738.565300                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12371392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          12371392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      7839104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        7839104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       193303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             193303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       122486                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            122486                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    200940097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            200940097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    127325229                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           127325229                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    328265326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           328265326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     193303                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    122486                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   193303                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  122486                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              12370624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                7839040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               12371392                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             7839104                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            11825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            11939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            11844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            12220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            12002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            12063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            12262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            12409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            12170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            12541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           12194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           12447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           11994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           11762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           11914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           11705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             7600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             7456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             7602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             7667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             7596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             7668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             7766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             7842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             7711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             7887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            7693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            7726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            7593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            7612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            7644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            7422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      166                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  61566523500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               193303                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              122486                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 132266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  28418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  15407                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   7739                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   4535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   2458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                    782                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                    196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  23046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  24435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  24418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  24175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  24191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   1159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                    454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        63022                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   320.666180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   222.713446                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   282.876979                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        14464     22.95%     22.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        13047     20.70%     43.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21121     33.51%     77.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3658      5.80%     82.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1862      2.95%     85.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1160      1.84%     87.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1004      1.59%     89.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          887      1.41%     90.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5819      9.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        63022                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        23045                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.387503                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    23.930898                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        23031     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           12      0.05%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        23045                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        23045                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.315036                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.251733                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.982242                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          21989     95.42%     95.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           976      4.24%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           79      0.34%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        23045                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  3354997588                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             6979203838                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 966455000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    17357.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               36107.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      200.93                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      127.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   200.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   127.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  159133                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  93617                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                82.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               76.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    194960.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   80.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11700583500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     2055820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    47809859000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              240566760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              235872000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              131261625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              128700000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             753168000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             754431600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            396556560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            397113840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         4021183920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         4021183920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        24823170540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        24123860055                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        15164972250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        15778402500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          45530879655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          45439563915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          739.544181                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          738.060967                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1368                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1368                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               213                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              213                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          852                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          852                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          783                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4021                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4873                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              444540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              110040                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1816000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          380                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1556480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          380                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7055201                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 72.022193                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                32.018685                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev               156.199965                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     6412703     90.89%     90.89% |      118441      1.68%     92.57% |      100155      1.42%     93.99% |       90231      1.28%     95.27% |       92424      1.31%     96.58% |      136652      1.94%     98.52% |       96115      1.36%     99.88% |        8480      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7055201                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     18915322                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.384263                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.607866                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      4.411595                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    17478825     92.41%     92.41% |      907717      4.80%     97.20% |       15513      0.08%     97.29% |       17742      0.09%     97.38% |       37767      0.20%     97.58% |       54262      0.29%     97.87% |       68360      0.36%     98.23% |      157535      0.83%     99.06% |      177601      0.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      18915322                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            18915320                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              22.683243                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.904223                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            106.138933                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    18467858     97.63%     97.63% |      188021      0.99%     98.63% |      103338      0.55%     99.17% |      137394      0.73%     99.90% |       15119      0.08%     99.98% |        2966      0.02%    100.00% |         608      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              18915320                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        17738468                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000306                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000263                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.017893                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    17733142     99.97%     99.97% |        5245      0.03%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          17738468                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1176852                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        319.360428                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       206.772067                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       295.315174                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      729390     61.98%     61.98% |      188021     15.98%     77.95% |      103338      8.78%     86.74% |      137394     11.67%     98.41% |       15119      1.28%     99.69% |        2966      0.25%     99.95% |         608      0.05%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1176852                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4702208                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    3964928                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         102598                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       102598                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     13131153                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       509959                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     13641112                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      4602635                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124204                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4726839                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       759322                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22335                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       310118                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1529395                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        47694                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           48                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           48                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits         4680                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       542643                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       547323                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles       139157                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        53501                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27761                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        81262                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        12430                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        24255                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        36685                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        12261                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        24267                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        36528                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10488                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        24203                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        34691                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9869                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        24216                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        34085                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10437                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        24201                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        34638                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         9264                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        24224                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        33488                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9777                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        24161                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        33938                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11254                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        24191                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        35445                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        10305                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        24170                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        34475                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        10458                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        24187                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        34645                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        10846                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        24154                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        35000                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         8793                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        24268                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        33061                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        11046                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        24154                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        35200                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        16545                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        24191                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        40736                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        10568                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        24168                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        34736                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        10460                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        24152                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        34612                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10688                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        24198                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        34886                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        10709                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        24241                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        34950                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        10217                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        24201                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        34418                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        11379                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        24127                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        35506                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        12489                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        24171                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        36660                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        13200                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        24161                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37361                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        11727                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        24189                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        35916                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        15055                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        24147                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39202                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        18434                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        24158                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        42592                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9210                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        24158                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        33368                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9658                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        24158                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        33816                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8687                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        24179                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        32866                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8805                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        24181                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        32986                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         9769                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        24195                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        33964                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10892                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        24245                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        35137                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     10618194                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     10618194                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11073168                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10618194                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4409334                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4338946                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     10618194                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.086232                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      3721543                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      3721543                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3743748                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3721543                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1827636                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1827135                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      3721543                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.030223                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      8269812                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      8269812                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8937689                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8269812                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3732212                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3676832                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      8269812                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.067160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3590204                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3590204                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3613267                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3590204                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1682581                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1682148                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3590204                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.029157                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      2927093                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      2927093                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2935039                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2927093                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1336237                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1336125                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      2927093                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.023771                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3180903                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3180903                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3197180                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3180903                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1454658                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1454415                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3180903                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.025833                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4895525                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4895525                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5103375                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4895525                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1761051                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1696389                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4895525                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.039757                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      2412190                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      2412190                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2423007                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2412190                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity       896708                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity       896138                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      2412190                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.019590                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      1974332                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      1974332                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1977725                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1974332                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       904427                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       904368                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      1974332                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.016034                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      1793423                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      1793423                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1796161                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1793423                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity       827739                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity       827707                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      1793423                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.014565                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      1563304                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      1563304                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1566716                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1563304                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       627659                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       627624                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      1563304                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.012696                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      2087013                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      2087013                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2090179                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2087013                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       917121                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       917081                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      2087013                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.016949                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      2022179                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      2022179                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2024945                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2022179                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       891784                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       891747                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      2022179                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.016422                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1682855                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1682855                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1686046                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1682855                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       657166                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       657131                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1682855                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.013667                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       922700                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       922700                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       925598                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       922700                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       365056                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       365016                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       922700                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.007493                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1442024                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1442024                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1463808                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1442024                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       573532                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       573068                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1442024                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.011711                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2375846                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2375846                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2436953                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2375846                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       873808                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       861622                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2375846                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.019295                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1558246                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1558246                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1582766                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1558246                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       597840                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       597042                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1558246                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.012655                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1569321                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1569321                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1587536                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1569321                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       628060                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       627713                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1569321                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.012745                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       946340                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       946340                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       949009                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       946340                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       374261                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       374212                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       946340                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.007685                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1073050                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1073050                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1073078                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1073050                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       510738                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       510738                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1073050                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.008714                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      1144129                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      1144129                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1144140                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1144129                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       544221                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       544221                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      1144129                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.009292                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       958342                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       958342                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       958607                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       958342                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       415606                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       415606                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       958342                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.007783                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       627313                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       627313                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       627313                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       627313                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258321                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258321                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       627313                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005095                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1019772                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1019772                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1019772                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1019772                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       459020                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       459020                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1019772                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.008282                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1070388                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1070388                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1070393                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1070388                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       501092                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       501092                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1070388                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.008693                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       945555                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       945555                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       945934                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       945555                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       402851                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       402851                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       945555                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.007679                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       632565                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       632565                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       632565                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       632565                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258893                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258893                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       632565                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005137                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      4181115                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      4181115                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4259590                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4181115                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1815897                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1814931                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      4181115                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.033956                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      4335609                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      4335609                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4402498                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4335609                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1878148                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1877033                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      4335609                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.035210                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3424315                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3424315                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3481192                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3424315                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1331599                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1330731                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3424315                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.027809                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      3649842                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      3649842                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3708805                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3649842                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1435947                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1434674                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      3649842                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.029641                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5795655     27.48%     27.48% |    14231173     67.47%     94.95% |     1066249      5.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21093077                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5795656     27.48%     27.48% |    14231173     67.47%     94.95% |     1066249      5.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21093078                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   215817117                       |   361257946                       |    24405075                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   749552027                       |    55818075                       |     1066249                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   37.237744                       |   25.384973                       |   22.888720                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |  129.329994                       |    3.922240                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.515524                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    38.232276                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         66.747800                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002735                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.059246      7.03%      7.03% |    0.059212      7.03%     14.06% |    0.058519      6.95%     21.01% |    0.058381      6.93%     27.94% |    0.142461     16.91%     44.86% |    0.138694     16.47%     61.33% |    0.142452     16.91%     78.24% |    0.138826     16.48%     94.72% |    0.011108      1.32%     96.04% |    0.011111      1.32%     97.36% |    0.011110      1.32%     98.68% |    0.011109      1.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.842230                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.020967                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.025453                       |    0.000001                       |    0.021263                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004945                       |    0.002619                       |    0.002445                       |    0.002582                       |    0.002457                       |    0.002474                       |    0.002431                       |    0.002441                       |    0.002487                       |    0.002533                       |    0.002611                       |    0.002521                       |    0.002493                       |    0.002514                       |    0.002462                       |    0.002484                       |    0.002556                       |    0.002507                       |    0.002519                       |    0.002539                       |    0.002551                       |    0.002817                       |    0.002525                       |    0.002520                       |    0.002532                       |    0.002536                       |    0.002512                       |    0.002552                       |    0.002615                       |    0.002638                       |    0.002729                       |    0.002899                       |    0.009588                       |    0.009418                       |    0.009419                       |    0.009403                       |    0.000198                       |           0                       |    0.000419                       |    0.001255                       |    0.000835                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002602                       |    0.000201                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002749                       |    0.003163                       |           0                       |    0.002532                       |           0                       |    0.005099                       |    0.005236                       |    0.003166                       |           0                       |    0.002667                       |    0.007082                       |           0                       |    0.010101                       |    0.010036                       |    0.004070                       |    0.026437                       |    0.002489                       |    0.000835                       |    0.012085                       |    0.013901                       |    0.011414                       |           0                       |    0.002625                       |           0                       |    0.010094                       |    0.011269                       |    0.005169                       |           0                       |    0.002655                       |    0.006916                       |           0                       |    0.010713                       |    0.010000                       |    0.004927                       |           0                       |    0.002560                       |           0                       |    0.005053                       |    0.005001                       |    0.004335                       |           0                       |    0.002585                       |           0                       |    0.002532                       |    0.003165                       |           0                       |    0.002788                       |           0                       |    0.000866                       |    0.002817                       |    0.002821                       |           0                       |    0.002528                       |           0                       |    0.000697                       |    0.003213                       |    0.005350                       |    0.002777                       |           0                       |    0.002495                       |           0                       |    0.004431                       |    0.006048                       |    0.006950                       |    0.003847                       |    0.029986                       |    0.004189                       |    0.000419                       |    0.022487                       |    0.011036                       |    0.014221                       |    0.003893                       |    0.000002                       |    0.002648                       |    0.001255                       |    0.001961                       |    0.008802                       |    0.011686                       |    0.003869                       |           0                       |    0.002501                       |           0                       |    0.006832                       |    0.005787                       |    0.005887                       |    0.004826                       |           0                       |    0.002542                       |           0                       |    0.001896                       |    0.005029                       |    0.002992                       |    0.003963                       |           0                       |    0.002580                       |           0                       |    0.000748                       |    0.002536                       |    0.002829                       |           0                       |    0.002584                       |           0                       |    0.000099                       |    0.002525                       |    0.002575                       |           0                       |    0.002611                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002437                       |    0.005136                       |    0.002512                       |           0                       |    0.002747                       |    0.006916                       |           0                       |    0.000859                       |    0.004783                       |    0.009976                       |    0.002529                       |           0                       |    0.002476                       |           0                       |    0.028250                       |    0.004103                       |    0.002342                       |    0.002587                       |           0                       |    0.002501                       |           0                       |    0.001171                       |    0.010181                       |    0.003199                       |    0.002537                       |           0                       |    0.002838                       |    0.006910                       |           0                       |    0.001716                       |    0.010938                       |    0.004678                       |    0.002562                       |           0                       |    0.002537                       |           0                       |    0.001171                       |    0.005026                       |    0.002338                       |    0.002594                       |           0                       |    0.002582                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002512                       |    0.002585                       |           0                       |    0.002575                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002520                       |           0                       |    0.002512                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004982                       |           0                       |    0.002529                       |           0                       |    0.002575                       |           0                       |    0.006607                       |           0                       |    0.002587                       |           0                       |    0.013276                       |    0.001717                       |    0.001715                       |           0                       |    0.002537                       |           0                       |    0.000000                       |    0.007545                       |    0.002573                       |           0                       |    0.002562                       |           0                       |    0.004287                       |    0.005896                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002594                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005091                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002585                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002552                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.842230                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5629105                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5629105                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       303442                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3839079                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3212894                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     83.689187                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          550037                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30086                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             11452108                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              55156                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             9433745                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            103657                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         11507264                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         9537402                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  20885853                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  158813                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              21044666                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              4733896                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9460                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          4743356                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   4733896                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9460                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               4743356                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                119574082                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17202135                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               35235546                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5629105                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3762931                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              97418709                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          687162                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140514                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       166191                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       240802                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3365                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       321029                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           4733263                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        154184                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3829                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    115836326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.545001                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.822532                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        103822625     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1864777      1.61%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           948117      0.82%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           838087      0.72%     92.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1113898      0.96%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1001705      0.86%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1035596      0.89%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           514191      0.44%     95.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          4697330      4.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    115836326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.047076                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.294675                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          9631415                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      97319705                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4770679                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       3770939                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         343581                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       59459015                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         343581                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         11004767                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        56389950                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      7429913                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           6914991                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      33753117                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       58117913                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65190                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        5391599                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         413396                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       27097231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     58567861                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     142076581                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     91171487                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          125                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      48125210                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         10442621                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       196412                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       198439                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          24245813                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      6313052                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      9700304                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1613552                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1477477                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           56676654                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       474644                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          59979857                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       215722                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7787740                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12502107                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        67939                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    115836326                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517798                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.232545                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     90303645     77.96%     77.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     10695336      9.23%     87.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      6095187      5.26%     92.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3260802      2.82%     95.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2313331      2.00%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1728588      1.49%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       878683      0.76%     99.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       342653      0.30%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       218101      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    115836326                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          106652     12.15%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         680327     77.50%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         90865     10.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       235569      0.39%      0.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      38490223     64.17%     64.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        30906      0.05%     64.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52180      0.09%     64.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     64.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     64.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     64.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     64.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     64.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     64.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     64.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     64.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11598287     19.34%     84.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      9572690     15.96%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       59979857                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.501613                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              877844                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.014636                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    236889522                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     64946556                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     53492037                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           84                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          198                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           34                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       60622089                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              43                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1607179                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1176469                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2688                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7863                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       513133                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1827                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      6657555                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         343581                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5357783                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      45150850                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     57151298                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114108                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       6313052                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      9700304                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       465547                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         121098                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      44816465                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7863                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134193                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       225137                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       359330                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      59466354                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      11445666                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       355223                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             20888821                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          4415171                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            9443155                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.497318                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               53572316                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              53492071                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          30040749                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          51662210                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.447355                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.581484                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8011045                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       406705                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       316961                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    114558434                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.428871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.306014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     96110104     83.90%     83.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      6951371      6.07%     89.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      5329206      4.65%     94.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2169278      1.89%     96.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1126791      0.98%     97.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       572479      0.50%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       219269      0.19%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       311462      0.27%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1768474      1.54%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    114558434                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     28442911                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       49130816                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               14323741                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5136578                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5781                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4041139                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  6                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          48739049                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       472995                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       111298      0.23%      0.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     34615279     70.46%     70.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        29702      0.06%     70.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50794      0.10%     70.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     70.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     70.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     70.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     70.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     70.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     70.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     70.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     70.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     70.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     70.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5136578     10.45%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      9187163     18.70%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     49130816                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1768474                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            169843532                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           115567004                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84880                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3737756                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3560628                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            28442911                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              49130816                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.204003                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.204003                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.237869                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.237869                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         94768964                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        39276130                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                38                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               60                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          20325329                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         13296899                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        30099284                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         190745                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               6288642000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            6288642000.000010                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3275921                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean       124.055579                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       44.540940                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      217.326640                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     2645548     80.76%     80.76% |      107077      3.27%     84.03% |       99398      3.03%     87.06% |       90227      2.75%     89.81% |       92424      2.82%     92.64% |      136652      4.17%     96.81% |       96115      2.93%     99.74% |        8480      0.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3275921                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3763778                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.939308                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.066407                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       15.049581                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3703258     98.39%     98.39% |       48395      1.29%     99.68% |        8370      0.22%     99.90% |        2994      0.08%     99.98% |         658      0.02%    100.00% |          99      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3763778                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         15502                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.009676                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.679302                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.168989                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         569      3.67%      3.67% |        1902     12.27%     15.94% |        7187     46.36%     62.30% |        3455     22.29%     84.59% |        2366     15.26%     99.85% |          21      0.14%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           15502                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          4584688                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           40.201966                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.656457                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         152.481289                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     4361129     95.12%     95.12% |       89883      1.96%     97.08% |       52084      1.14%     98.22% |       69621      1.52%     99.74% |       10071      0.22%     99.96% |        1520      0.03%     99.99% |         370      0.01%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            4584688                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      4118426                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000867                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000747                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.029668                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4114873     99.91%     99.91% |        3542      0.09%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        4118426                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       466262                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     368.793985                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    225.733549                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    329.276124                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      242703     52.05%     52.05% |       89883     19.28%     71.33% |       52084     11.17%     82.50% |       69621     14.93%     97.43% |       10071      2.16%     99.59% |        1520      0.33%     99.92% |         370      0.08%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        466262                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          9435334                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           23.182656                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.921575                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         104.089646                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     9214384     97.66%     97.66% |       95436      1.01%     98.67% |       51025      0.54%     99.21% |       67751      0.72%     99.93% |        5048      0.05%     99.98% |        1446      0.02%    100.00% |         238      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            9435334                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      8861152                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000198                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000169                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.014848                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     8859478     99.98%     99.98% |        1604      0.02%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        8861152                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       574182                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     334.651539                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    244.628182                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    273.391951                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      353232     61.52%     61.52% |       95436     16.62%     78.14% |       51025      8.89%     87.03% |       67751     11.80%     98.83% |        5048      0.88%     99.71% |        1446      0.25%     99.96% |         238      0.04%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        574182                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      4726838                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.156688                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.265016                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      15.994175                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     4713098     99.71%     99.71% |       11322      0.24%     99.95% |        2140      0.05%     99.99% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |          96      0.00%    100.00% |         102      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        4726838                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      4602635                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001233                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4602628    100.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      4602635                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124203                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    85.077800                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.207138                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    56.354818                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110463     88.94%     88.94% |       11322      9.12%     98.05% |        2140      1.72%     99.78% |          60      0.05%     99.82% |          96      0.08%     99.90% |         102      0.08%     99.98% |          20      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124203                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       167140                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.752710                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.805686                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    31.493721                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      164815     98.61%     98.61% |        1790      1.07%     99.68% |         463      0.28%     99.96% |          39      0.02%     99.98% |          15      0.01%     99.99% |          16      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       167140                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       154969                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000594                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000512                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.024358                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      154877     99.94%     99.94% |          92      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       154969                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        12171                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    95.725002                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    78.509044                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    75.162682                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        9846     80.90%     80.90% |        1790     14.71%     95.60% |         463      3.80%     99.41% |          39      0.32%     99.73% |          15      0.12%     99.85% |          16      0.13%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        12171                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.572727                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.510953                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.752340                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         626     94.85%     94.85% |          24      3.64%     98.48% |           6      0.91%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.30%     99.70% |           2      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         626    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    72.352941                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.535593                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    48.187690                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24     70.59%     70.59% |           6     17.65%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           2      5.88%     94.12% |           2      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks         8553                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       410834                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        43086                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    33007                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    61843                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                   113625                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   284758                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   2865                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   6797                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  11847                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                  32714                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    26188                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    31194                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    51568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                   119076                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                35872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                68640                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               125472                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               317472                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  747153                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  601632                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 1133611                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 2432868                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                    1536                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   34336                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   68640                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  193056                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  34336                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  34304                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  56832                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                 124416                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 1498                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                30786                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                62154                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits               173355                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                 38                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               3550                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               6486                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses              19701                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               31509                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               31057                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               51471                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits              111403                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              2827                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              3247                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              5361                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             13013                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                1343041                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2349782                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2641879                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                6099025                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    1536                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                107280                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                568680                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               2221395                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               5513846                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             983535                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            4521612                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             979327                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            2030592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2263377                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               977037                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              1942638                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2620657                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           107280                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time           568680                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          2221395                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          5513846                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        563572                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       2162688                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        978454                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       2030592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         1078155                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          977037                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         1613217                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         2620657                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            1182703                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            1545275                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2560629                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            5845201                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               813                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         110658100                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         111323433                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         112504460                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         113823139                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          6630771                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          7328411                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          7534444                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          9247235                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               548                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              1060                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              1945                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              4998                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              7638                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              5600                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              9805                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1             20043                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2               513                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              3444                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             12319                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             34685                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles           64173                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles          218737                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          237769                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles          667084                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      197022     25.34%     25.34% |      193602     24.90%     50.24% |      193621     24.90%     75.14% |      193303     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       777548                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      119993     25.54%     25.54% |      116616     24.82%     50.36% |      116619     24.82%     75.19% |      116583     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       469811                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      197046     25.34%     25.34% |      193602     24.90%     50.24% |      193621     24.90%     75.14% |      193303     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       777572                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      125884     25.51%     25.51% |      122519     24.83%     50.34% |      122522     24.83%     75.18% |      122486     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       493411                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           79                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6080     25.00%     25.00% |        6080     25.00%     50.00% |        6080     25.00%     75.00% |        6080     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24320                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       68837     25.03%     25.03% |       68794     25.02%     50.05% |       68810     25.02%     75.08% |       68528     24.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       274969                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      197022     25.34%     25.34% |      193602     24.90%     50.24% |      193621     24.90%     75.14% |      193303     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       777548                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      119749     25.53%     25.53% |      116439     24.83%     50.36% |      116442     24.83%     75.18% |      116406     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       469036                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       68837     25.03%     25.03% |       68794     25.02%     50.05% |       68810     25.02%     75.08% |       68528     24.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       274969                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      197022     25.34%     25.34% |      193602     24.90%     50.24% |      193621     24.90%     75.14% |      193303     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       777548                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      119749     25.53%     25.53% |      116439     24.83%     50.36% |      116442     24.83%     75.18% |      116406     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       469036                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          720                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     4288446     93.51%     93.51% |          48      0.00%     93.51% |      297491      6.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      4585985                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     4726896    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      4726896                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     9354065     97.40%     97.40% |           0      0.00%     97.40% |      249891      2.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      9603956                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15298     99.22%     99.22% |          48      0.31%     99.53% |          73      0.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        15419                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      631201     53.80%     53.80% |           0      0.00%     53.80% |      542131     46.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1173332                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          81     97.59%     97.59% |           2      2.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           83                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      169713     36.55%     36.55% |          40      0.01%     36.56% |      294524     63.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       464277                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           2      2.41%      2.41% |           8      9.64%     12.05% |          73     87.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           83                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      464423     65.19%     65.19% |           0      0.00%     65.19% |      248046     34.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       712469                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      506263     48.29%     48.29% |           0      0.00%     48.29% |      542058     51.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1048321                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      170935     36.72%     36.72% |          23      0.00%     36.72% |      294597     63.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       465555                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122758    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122758                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      338271     57.69%     57.69% |           0      0.00%     57.69% |      248046     42.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       586317                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11288     99.36%     99.36% |           0      0.00%     99.36% |          73      0.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11361                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         683     96.47%     96.47% |          25      3.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          708                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1446    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1446                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          47    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           47                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         953    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          953                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       20594     99.83%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |          35      0.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        20629                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     4602635    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      4602635                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2397     99.58%     99.58% |          10      0.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2407                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      123724     99.94%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |          73      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       123797                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1641276     99.83%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |        2840      0.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1644116                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       29128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        29128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1409     97.37%     97.37% |          38      2.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1447                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      139088     32.09%     32.09% |           0      0.00%     32.09% |      294350     67.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       433438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2453681    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2453681                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     8986474     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |        1805      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      8988279                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         204    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          204                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      367175     59.71%     59.71% |           0      0.00%     59.71% |      247708     40.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       614883                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           81                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         251    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          251                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      169713     36.55%     36.55% |          40      0.01%     36.56% |      294524     63.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       464277                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           2      2.41%      2.41% |           8      9.64%     12.05% |          73     87.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           83                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      126105    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126105                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      338318     57.70%     57.70% |           0      0.00%     57.70% |      248046     42.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       586364                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1277     98.53%     98.53% |           0      0.00%     98.53% |          19      1.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1296                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          57    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           57                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         122     75.31%     75.31% |           0      0.00%     75.31% |          40     24.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          162                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      506263     48.29%     48.29% |           0      0.00%     48.29% |      542058     51.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1048321                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3867      3.11%      3.11% |        3803      3.06%      6.17% |        3556      2.86%      9.04% |        3505      2.82%     11.86% |        3572      2.88%     14.73% |        4052      3.26%     17.99% |        3756      3.02%     21.02% |        3281      2.64%     23.66% |        3558      2.86%     26.52% |        5145      4.14%     30.66% |        3967      3.19%     33.86% |        3820      3.07%     36.93% |        3566      2.87%     39.80% |        4330      3.49%     43.29% |        3869      3.11%     46.40% |        3742      3.01%     49.41% |        4121      3.32%     52.73% |        4160      3.35%     56.08% |        3678      2.96%     59.04% |        3386      2.73%     61.77% |        3066      2.47%     64.23% |        3707      2.98%     67.22% |        3483      2.80%     70.02% |        3359      2.70%     72.73% |        3638      2.93%     75.65% |        3699      2.98%     78.63% |        3248      2.61%     81.25% |        4619      3.72%     84.96% |        3984      3.21%     88.17% |        5204      4.19%     92.36% |        5072      4.08%     96.44% |        4420      3.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124233                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       55035     11.80%     11.80% |       13892      2.98%     14.78% |       12717      2.73%     17.51% |       13591      2.91%     20.43% |       12832      2.75%     23.18% |       12691      2.72%     25.90% |       12294      2.64%     28.54% |       12554      2.69%     31.23% |       12938      2.77%     34.00% |       12813      2.75%     36.75% |       14941      3.20%     39.96% |       13303      2.85%     42.81% |       12839      2.75%     45.56% |       12820      2.75%     48.31% |       12194      2.62%     50.93% |       12577      2.70%     53.62% |       13572      2.91%     56.53% |       12721      2.73%     59.26% |       13074      2.80%     62.07% |       13110      2.81%     64.88% |       13671      2.93%     67.81% |       16795      3.60%     71.41% |       12767      2.74%     74.15% |       12923      2.77%     76.92% |       12841      2.75%     79.68% |       12999      2.79%     82.46% |       12533      2.69%     85.15% |       12239      2.62%     87.78% |       13250      2.84%     90.62% |       12618      2.71%     93.33% |       13594      2.92%     96.24% |       17528      3.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       466266                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       22359      3.81%      3.81% |       18990      3.24%      7.05% |       16787      2.86%      9.91% |       18819      3.21%     13.12% |       16964      2.89%     16.02% |       17073      2.91%     18.93% |       16816      2.87%     21.80% |       17153      2.93%     24.72% |       17468      2.98%     27.70% |       17179      2.93%     30.63% |       17620      3.00%     33.63% |       17569      3.00%     36.63% |       17680      3.02%     39.65% |       17488      2.98%     42.63% |       17424      2.97%     45.60% |       17619      3.00%     48.60% |       17753      3.03%     51.63% |       17593      3.00%     54.63% |       17883      3.05%     57.68% |       18510      3.16%     60.84% |       18473      3.15%     63.99% |       20245      3.45%     67.44% |       18486      3.15%     70.59% |       18330      3.13%     73.72% |       18407      3.14%     76.86% |       18252      3.11%     79.97% |       18635      3.18%     83.15% |       18646      3.18%     86.33% |       19438      3.31%     89.64% |       19539      3.33%     92.98% |       20539      3.50%     96.48% |       20644      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       586381                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       75678      7.22%      7.22% |       32798      3.13%     10.35% |       29417      2.81%     13.15% |       32316      3.08%     16.24% |       29714      2.83%     19.07% |       29605      2.82%     21.89% |       29017      2.77%     24.66% |       29624      2.83%     27.49% |       30324      2.89%     30.38% |       29923      2.85%     33.24% |       32460      3.10%     36.33% |       30802      2.94%     39.27% |       30448      2.90%     42.17% |       30238      2.88%     45.06% |       29531      2.82%     47.88% |       30132      2.87%     50.75% |       31258      2.98%     53.73% |       30248      2.89%     56.62% |       30839      2.94%     59.56% |       31554      3.01%     62.57% |       32048      3.06%     65.63% |       36914      3.52%     69.15% |       31180      2.97%     72.12% |       31178      2.97%     75.10% |       31172      2.97%     78.07% |       31170      2.97%     81.04% |       31093      2.97%     84.01% |       30806      2.94%     86.95% |       32613      3.11%     90.06% |       32085      3.06%     93.12% |       34056      3.25%     96.37% |       38080      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1048321                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       17862      3.81%      3.81% |       14546      3.10%      6.91% |       14557      3.10%     10.02% |       14542      3.10%     13.12% |       14526      3.10%     16.21% |       14536      3.10%     19.31% |       14545      3.10%     22.42% |       14545      3.10%     25.52% |       14556      3.10%     28.62% |       14566      3.11%     31.73% |       14560      3.11%     34.83% |       14553      3.10%     37.94% |       14541      3.10%     41.04% |       14548      3.10%     44.14% |       14542      3.10%     47.24% |       14538      3.10%     50.34% |       14570      3.11%     53.45% |       14556      3.10%     56.55% |       14561      3.11%     59.66% |       14560      3.11%     62.76% |       14546      3.10%     65.87% |       14566      3.11%     68.97% |       14553      3.10%     72.08% |       14553      3.10%     75.18% |       14567      3.11%     78.29% |       14564      3.11%     81.39% |       14557      3.10%     84.50% |       14551      3.10%     87.60% |       14549      3.10%     90.70% |       14528      3.10%     93.80% |       14538      3.10%     96.90% |       14536      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       468918                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        8784      3.19%      3.19% |        8660      3.15%      6.34% |        8663      3.15%      9.49% |        8597      3.13%     12.62% |        8583      3.12%     15.74% |        8573      3.12%     18.85% |        8584      3.12%     21.97% |        8587      3.12%     25.09% |        8588      3.12%     28.22% |        8630      3.14%     31.35% |        8659      3.15%     34.50% |        8602      3.13%     37.63% |        8626      3.14%     40.76% |        8604      3.13%     43.89% |        8632      3.14%     47.03% |        8574      3.12%     50.15% |        8572      3.12%     53.26% |        8567      3.11%     56.38% |        8578      3.12%     59.49% |        8548      3.11%     62.60% |        8561      3.11%     65.71% |        8579      3.12%     68.83% |        8568      3.11%     71.95% |        8551      3.11%     75.06% |        8582      3.12%     78.18% |        8626      3.14%     81.31% |        8594      3.12%     84.44% |        8523      3.10%     87.53% |        8573      3.12%     90.65% |        8585      3.12%     93.77% |        8561      3.11%     96.88% |        8574      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       275088                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       27760      3.57%      3.57% |       24252      3.12%      6.69% |       24267      3.12%      9.81% |       24186      3.11%     12.92% |       24155      3.11%     16.03% |       24155      3.11%     19.13% |       24175      3.11%     22.24% |       24178      3.11%     25.35% |       24190      3.11%     28.46% |       24242      3.12%     31.58% |       24265      3.12%     34.70% |       24201      3.11%     37.81% |       24213      3.11%     40.93% |       24198      3.11%     44.04% |       24220      3.11%     47.16% |       24158      3.11%     50.26% |       24188      3.11%     53.37% |       24169      3.11%     56.48% |       24185      3.11%     59.59% |       24154      3.11%     62.70% |       24153      3.11%     65.80% |       24191      3.11%     68.92% |       24167      3.11%     72.02% |       24150      3.11%     75.13% |       24195      3.11%     78.24% |       24236      3.12%     81.36% |       24197      3.11%     84.47% |       24120      3.10%     87.57% |       24168      3.11%     90.68% |       24159      3.11%     93.79% |       24145      3.11%     96.89% |       24156      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       777548                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       26736      3.59%      3.59% |       23228      3.12%      6.71% |       23243      3.12%      9.83% |       23162      3.11%     12.94% |       23131      3.11%     16.05% |       23131      3.11%     19.15% |       23151      3.11%     22.26% |       23154      3.11%     25.37% |       23166      3.11%     28.48% |       23218      3.12%     31.60% |       23241      3.12%     34.72% |       23177      3.11%     37.83% |       23189      3.11%     40.94% |       23174      3.11%     44.05% |       23196      3.11%     47.17% |       23134      3.11%     50.27% |       23164      3.11%     53.38% |       23145      3.11%     56.49% |       23161      3.11%     59.60% |       23130      3.11%     62.71% |       23129      3.11%     65.81% |       23167      3.11%     68.92% |       23143      3.11%     72.03% |       23126      3.11%     75.14% |       23171      3.11%     78.25% |       23212      3.12%     81.36% |       23173      3.11%     84.47% |       23096      3.10%     87.58% |       23144      3.11%     90.68% |       23135      3.11%     93.79% |       23121      3.10%     96.89% |       23132      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       744780                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          60     21.05%     21.05% |           3      1.05%     22.11% |           9      3.16%     25.26% |           8      2.81%     28.07% |           4      1.40%     29.47% |           5      1.75%     31.23% |           4      1.40%     32.63% |           5      1.75%     34.39% |           8      2.81%     37.19% |           4      1.40%     38.60% |           7      2.46%     41.05% |           4      1.40%     42.46% |           6      2.11%     44.56% |           3      1.05%     45.61% |           4      1.40%     47.02% |           3      1.05%     48.07% |           4      1.40%     49.47% |           4      1.40%     50.88% |           9      3.16%     54.04% |          10      3.51%     57.54% |          19      6.67%     64.21% |          20      7.02%     71.23% |          10      3.51%     74.74% |          10      3.51%     78.25% |           7      2.46%     80.70% |           9      3.16%     83.86% |           8      2.81%     86.67% |          10      3.51%     90.18% |           8      2.81%     92.98% |           7      2.46%     95.44% |          10      3.51%     98.95% |           3      1.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          285                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |           1      1.23%      1.23% |           2      2.47%      3.70% |           1      1.23%      4.94% |           3      3.70%      8.64% |           3      3.70%     12.35% |           3      3.70%     16.05% |           4      4.94%     20.99% |           3      3.70%     24.69% |           5      6.17%     30.86% |           3      3.70%     34.57% |           2      2.47%     37.04% |           2      2.47%     39.51% |           3      3.70%     43.21% |           3      3.70%     46.91% |           4      4.94%     51.85% |           3      3.70%     55.56% |           3      3.70%     59.26% |           1      1.23%     60.49% |           2      2.47%     62.96% |           0      0.00%     62.96% |           1      1.23%     64.20% |           0      0.00%     64.20% |           1      1.23%     65.43% |           2      2.47%     67.90% |           3      3.70%     71.60% |           5      6.17%     77.78% |           4      4.94%     82.72% |           5      6.17%     88.89% |           3      3.70%     92.59% |           2      2.47%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         521      3.44%      3.44% |         471      3.11%      6.56% |         465      3.07%      9.63% |         449      2.97%     12.60% |         458      3.03%     15.62% |         460      3.04%     18.66% |         471      3.11%     21.78% |         467      3.09%     24.86% |         456      3.01%     27.87% |         465      3.07%     30.95% |         508      3.36%     34.30% |         485      3.21%     37.51% |         498      3.29%     40.80% |         480      3.17%     43.97% |         495      3.27%     47.24% |         482      3.19%     50.43% |         490      3.24%     53.67% |         483      3.19%     56.86% |         473      3.13%     59.99% |         442      2.92%     62.91% |         436      2.88%     65.79% |         479      3.17%     68.95% |         451      2.98%     71.93% |         447      2.95%     74.89% |         477      3.15%     78.04% |         500      3.30%     81.34% |         489      3.23%     84.58% |         451      2.98%     87.56% |         466      3.08%     90.64% |         473      3.13%     93.76% |         474      3.13%     96.89% |         470      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        15132                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |           1      1.20%      1.20% |           2      2.41%      3.61% |           1      1.20%      4.82% |           3      3.61%      8.43% |           3      3.61%     12.05% |           3      3.61%     15.66% |           4      4.82%     20.48% |           3      3.61%     24.10% |           5      6.02%     30.12% |           3      3.61%     33.73% |           2      2.41%     36.14% |           2      2.41%     38.55% |           3      3.61%     42.17% |           3      3.61%     45.78% |           4      4.82%     50.60% |           3      3.61%     54.22% |           3      3.61%     57.83% |           1      1.20%     59.04% |           2      2.41%     61.45% |           0      0.00%     61.45% |           1      1.20%     62.65% |           0      0.00%     62.65% |           1      1.20%     63.86% |           2      2.41%     66.27% |           3      3.61%     69.88% |           5      6.02%     75.90% |           4      4.82%     80.72% |           7      8.43%     89.16% |           3      3.61%     92.77% |           2      2.41%     95.18% |           2      2.41%     97.59% |           2      2.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           83                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       75832      7.22%      7.22% |       32868      3.13%     10.35% |       29491      2.81%     13.15% |       32387      3.08%     16.24% |       29780      2.83%     19.07% |       29679      2.82%     21.89% |       29084      2.77%     24.66% |       29696      2.83%     27.49% |       30394      2.89%     30.38% |       29989      2.85%     33.24% |       32544      3.10%     36.33% |       30868      2.94%     39.27% |       30513      2.90%     42.18% |       30302      2.88%     45.06% |       29595      2.82%     47.88% |       30191      2.87%     50.75% |       31317      2.98%     53.73% |       30309      2.88%     56.62% |       30900      2.94%     59.56% |       31619      3.01%     62.57% |       32133      3.06%     65.62% |       37024      3.52%     69.15% |       31250      2.97%     72.12% |       31249      2.97%     75.10% |       31240      2.97%     78.07% |       31238      2.97%     81.04% |       31163      2.97%     84.01% |       30877      2.94%     86.95% |       32685      3.11%     90.06% |       32155      3.06%     93.12% |       34130      3.25%     96.37% |       38162      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1050664                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         180     11.61%     11.61% |          46      2.97%     14.58% |          46      2.97%     17.55% |          46      2.97%     20.52% |          44      2.84%     23.35% |          44      2.84%     26.19% |          44      2.84%     29.03% |          44      2.84%     31.87% |          44      2.84%     34.71% |          44      2.84%     37.55% |          44      2.84%     40.39% |          44      2.84%     43.23% |          44      2.84%     46.06% |          44      2.84%     48.90% |          44      2.84%     51.74% |          44      2.84%     54.58% |          44      2.84%     57.42% |          44      2.84%     60.26% |          44      2.84%     63.10% |          44      2.84%     65.94% |          44      2.84%     68.77% |          44      2.84%     71.61% |          44      2.84%     74.45% |          44      2.84%     77.29% |          44      2.84%     80.13% |          44      2.84%     82.97% |          44      2.84%     85.81% |          44      2.84%     88.65% |          44      2.84%     91.48% |          44      2.84%     94.32% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1550                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         447      3.29%      3.29% |         422      3.10%      6.39% |         421      3.09%      9.48% |         405      2.98%     12.46% |         411      3.02%     15.48% |         405      2.98%     18.46% |         417      3.07%     21.52% |         418      3.07%     24.60% |         409      3.01%     27.60% |         421      3.09%     30.70% |         447      3.29%     33.99% |         438      3.22%     37.21% |         455      3.34%     40.55% |         434      3.19%     43.74% |         449      3.30%     47.04% |         443      3.26%     50.30% |         453      3.33%     53.63% |         445      3.27%     56.90% |         438      3.22%     60.12% |         409      3.01%     63.13% |         390      2.87%     65.99% |         412      3.03%     69.02% |         408      3.00%     72.02% |         401      2.95%     74.97% |         428      3.15%     78.12% |         452      3.32%     81.44% |         441      3.24%     84.68% |         405      2.98%     87.66% |         419      3.08%     90.74% |         428      3.15%     93.88% |         428      3.15%     97.03% |         404      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13603                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       12342      4.30%      4.30% |        8944      3.11%      7.41% |        8953      3.12%     10.53% |        8887      3.09%     13.62% |        8859      3.08%     16.71% |        8857      3.08%     19.79% |        8862      3.09%     22.88% |        8871      3.09%     25.97% |        8884      3.09%     29.06% |        8919      3.11%     32.17% |        8935      3.11%     35.28% |        8860      3.09%     38.36% |        8864      3.09%     41.45% |        8869      3.09%     44.54% |        8880      3.09%     47.63% |        8828      3.07%     50.70% |        8829      3.07%     53.78% |        8825      3.07%     56.85% |        8850      3.08%     59.93% |        8843      3.08%     63.01% |        8847      3.08%     66.09% |        8854      3.08%     69.18% |        8871      3.09%     72.27% |        8850      3.08%     75.35% |        8857      3.08%     78.43% |        8882      3.09%     81.52% |        8851      3.08%     84.61% |        8819      3.07%     87.68% |        8860      3.09%     90.76% |        8844      3.08%     93.84% |        8818      3.07%     96.91% |        8868      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       287182                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       14971      3.14%      3.14% |       14887      3.12%      6.26% |       14893      3.12%      9.39% |       14894      3.12%     12.51% |       14885      3.12%     15.63% |       14893      3.12%     18.76% |       14896      3.12%     21.88% |       14889      3.12%     25.00% |       14897      3.12%     28.13% |       14902      3.13%     31.25% |       14883      3.12%     34.38% |       14903      3.13%     37.50% |       14894      3.12%     40.63% |       14895      3.12%     43.75% |       14891      3.12%     46.87% |       14887      3.12%     50.00% |       14906      3.13%     53.12% |       14899      3.13%     56.25% |       14897      3.12%     59.37% |       14902      3.13%     62.50% |       14916      3.13%     65.63% |       14925      3.13%     68.76% |       14888      3.12%     71.88% |       14899      3.13%     75.00% |       14910      3.13%     78.13% |       14902      3.13%     81.26% |       14905      3.13%     84.38% |       14896      3.12%     87.51% |       14889      3.12%     90.63% |       14887      3.12%     93.75% |       14899      3.13%     96.88% |       14884      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       476764                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3416      3.09%      3.09% |        3373      3.05%      6.14% |        3133      2.84%      8.98% |        3095      2.80%     11.78% |        3159      2.86%     14.64% |        3642      3.30%     17.93% |        3333      3.02%     20.95% |        2861      2.59%     23.54% |        3146      2.85%     26.39% |        4724      4.27%     30.66% |        3518      3.18%     33.84% |        3378      3.06%     36.90% |        3108      2.81%     39.71% |        3896      3.53%     43.24% |        3416      3.09%     46.33% |        3299      2.99%     49.31% |        3665      3.32%     52.63% |        3712      3.36%     55.99% |        3225      2.92%     58.91% |        2966      2.68%     61.59% |        2675      2.42%     64.01% |        3294      2.98%     66.99% |        3073      2.78%     69.78% |        2955      2.67%     72.45% |        3205      2.90%     75.35% |        3245      2.94%     78.29% |        2803      2.54%     80.82% |        4211      3.81%     84.63% |        3552      3.21%     87.85% |        4776      4.32%     92.17% |        4640      4.20%     96.37% |        4014      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110508                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1562     82.12%     82.12% |          12      0.63%     82.75% |          13      0.68%     83.44% |          21      1.10%     84.54% |          13      0.68%     85.23% |          82      4.31%     89.54% |          22      1.16%     90.69% |           8      0.42%     91.11% |           7      0.37%     91.48% |           0      0.00%     91.48% |          15      0.79%     92.27% |           3      0.16%     92.43% |           3      0.16%     92.59% |           3      0.16%     92.74% |          20      1.05%     93.80% |           2      0.11%     93.90% |           6      0.32%     94.22% |           5      0.26%     94.48% |          65      3.42%     97.90% |           3      0.16%     98.05% |           0      0.00%     98.05% |           5      0.26%     98.32% |           2      0.11%     98.42% |           2      0.11%     98.53% |           5      0.26%     98.79% |           8      0.42%     99.21% |           3      0.16%     99.37% |           3      0.16%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           1      0.05%     99.58% |           8      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         1902                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           1      3.85%     34.62% |           2      7.69%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           4     15.38%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           1      3.85%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           1      3.85%     69.23% |           3     11.54%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      1.05%      1.05% |           3      3.16%      4.21% |           2      2.11%      6.32% |           4      4.21%     10.53% |           3      3.16%     13.68% |           5      5.26%     18.95% |           6      6.32%     25.26% |           3      3.16%     28.42% |           5      5.26%     33.68% |           3      3.16%     36.84% |           2      2.11%     38.95% |           2      2.11%     41.05% |           4      4.21%     45.26% |           3      3.16%     48.42% |           5      5.26%     53.68% |           3      3.16%     56.84% |           3      3.16%     60.00% |           1      1.05%     61.05% |           3      3.16%     64.21% |           0      0.00%     64.21% |           1      1.05%     65.26% |           0      0.00%     65.26% |           1      1.05%     66.32% |           2      2.11%     68.42% |           4      4.21%     72.63% |           5      5.26%     77.89% |           5      5.26%     83.16% |           6      6.32%     89.47% |           3      3.16%     92.63% |           2      2.11%     94.74% |           2      2.11%     96.84% |           3      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           95                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         447      3.29%      3.29% |         421      3.10%      6.39% |         418      3.08%      9.46% |         404      2.97%     12.44% |         412      3.03%     15.47% |         406      2.99%     18.45% |         420      3.09%     21.55% |         417      3.07%     24.61% |         409      3.01%     27.62% |         420      3.09%     30.71% |         449      3.30%     34.02% |         439      3.23%     37.25% |         453      3.33%     40.58% |         434      3.19%     43.77% |         449      3.30%     47.08% |         441      3.25%     50.32% |         451      3.32%     53.64% |         444      3.27%     56.91% |         436      3.21%     60.12% |         405      2.98%     63.10% |         389      2.86%     65.96% |         410      3.02%     68.98% |         409      3.01%     71.99% |         403      2.97%     74.95% |         431      3.17%     78.12% |         454      3.34%     81.46% |         441      3.25%     84.71% |         404      2.97%     87.68% |         417      3.07%     90.75% |         426      3.13%     93.89% |         426      3.13%     97.02% |         405      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13590                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.30%      4.30% |           8      8.60%     12.90% |           2      2.15%     15.05% |           5      5.38%     20.43% |           2      2.15%     22.58% |           5      5.38%     27.96% |           6      6.45%     34.41% |           0      0.00%     34.41% |           3      3.23%     37.63% |           0      0.00%     37.63% |           2      2.15%     39.78% |           2      2.15%     41.94% |           3      3.23%     45.16% |           0      0.00%     45.16% |           4      4.30%     49.46% |           0      0.00%     49.46% |           1      1.08%     50.54% |           3      3.23%     53.76% |          15     16.13%     69.89% |           3      3.23%     73.12% |           1      1.08%     74.19% |           1      1.08%     75.27% |           2      2.15%     77.42% |           3      3.23%     80.65% |           5      5.38%     86.02% |           2      2.15%     88.17% |           4      4.30%     92.47% |           3      3.23%     95.70% |           1      1.08%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           1      1.08%     97.85% |           2      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           93                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       41130     23.22%     23.22% |        4934      2.79%     26.01% |        3750      2.12%     28.13% |        4680      2.64%     30.77% |        3957      2.23%     33.01% |        3749      2.12%     35.12% |        3406      1.92%     37.05% |        3672      2.07%     39.12% |        4042      2.28%     41.40% |        3891      2.20%     43.60% |        5989      3.38%     46.98% |        4438      2.51%     49.49% |        3969      2.24%     51.73% |        3945      2.23%     53.96% |        3290      1.86%     55.81% |        3744      2.11%     57.93% |        4734      2.67%     60.60% |        3890      2.20%     62.80% |        4157      2.35%     65.14% |        4264      2.41%     67.55% |        4823      2.72%     70.28% |        7932      4.48%     74.75% |        3893      2.20%     76.95% |        4069      2.30%     79.25% |        3976      2.25%     81.50% |        4104      2.32%     83.81% |        3675      2.08%     85.89% |        3410      1.93%     87.81% |        4387      2.48%     90.29% |        3772      2.13%     92.42% |        4773      2.70%     95.12% |        8650      4.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       177095                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        7386      6.74%      6.74% |        4097      3.74%     10.48% |        1893      1.73%     12.21% |        3923      3.58%     15.79% |        2079      1.90%     17.68% |        2180      1.99%     19.67% |        1920      1.75%     21.43% |        2264      2.07%     23.49% |        2570      2.35%     25.84% |        2277      2.08%     27.92% |        2737      2.50%     30.41% |        2666      2.43%     32.85% |        2782      2.54%     35.39% |        2593      2.37%     37.75% |        2532      2.31%     40.06% |        2732      2.49%     42.56% |        2847      2.60%     45.15% |        2693      2.46%     47.61% |        2983      2.72%     50.33% |        3607      3.29%     53.63% |        3547      3.24%     56.86% |        5313      4.85%     61.71% |        3598      3.28%     65.00% |        3431      3.13%     68.13% |        3496      3.19%     71.32% |        3350      3.06%     74.38% |        3729      3.40%     77.78% |        3748      3.42%     81.20% |        4549      4.15%     85.35% |        4652      4.25%     89.60% |        5640      5.15%     94.74% |        5760      5.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       109574                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       17857      3.81%      3.81% |       14541      3.10%      6.91% |       14549      3.10%     10.02% |       14535      3.10%     13.12% |       14520      3.10%     16.21% |       14528      3.10%     19.31% |       14537      3.10%     22.41% |       14541      3.10%     25.52% |       14549      3.10%     28.62% |       14561      3.11%     31.73% |       14554      3.10%     34.83% |       14549      3.10%     37.94% |       14535      3.10%     41.04% |       14544      3.10%     44.14% |       14536      3.10%     47.24% |       14534      3.10%     50.34% |       14565      3.11%     53.45% |       14553      3.10%     56.55% |       14555      3.11%     59.66% |       14558      3.11%     62.76% |       14543      3.10%     65.87% |       14562      3.11%     68.97% |       14549      3.10%     72.08% |       14551      3.10%     75.18% |       14562      3.11%     78.29% |       14556      3.11%     81.39% |       14549      3.10%     84.50% |       14543      3.10%     87.60% |       14542      3.10%     90.70% |       14522      3.10%     93.80% |       14533      3.10%     96.90% |       14530      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       468743                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        8264      3.18%      3.18% |        8193      3.15%      6.33% |        8198      3.15%      9.48% |        8150      3.13%     12.62% |        8130      3.13%     15.75% |        8119      3.12%     18.87% |        8121      3.12%     21.99% |        8123      3.12%     25.12% |        8136      3.13%     28.25% |        8169      3.14%     31.39% |        8152      3.14%     34.52% |        8119      3.12%     37.65% |        8131      3.13%     40.77% |        8128      3.13%     43.90% |        8143      3.13%     47.03% |        8096      3.11%     50.15% |        8086      3.11%     53.26% |        8084      3.11%     56.37% |        8104      3.12%     59.48% |        8098      3.11%     62.60% |        8110      3.12%     65.72% |        8084      3.11%     68.83% |        8112      3.12%     71.95% |        8099      3.12%     75.06% |        8106      3.12%     78.18% |        8130      3.13%     81.31% |        8109      3.12%     84.43% |        8075      3.11%     87.53% |        8109      3.12%     90.65% |        8113      3.12%     93.77% |        8084      3.11%     96.88% |        8109      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       259984                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |           1      1.20%      1.20% |           2      2.41%      3.61% |           1      1.20%      4.82% |           3      3.61%      8.43% |           3      3.61%     12.05% |           3      3.61%     15.66% |           4      4.82%     20.48% |           3      3.61%     24.10% |           5      6.02%     30.12% |           3      3.61%     33.73% |           2      2.41%     36.14% |           2      2.41%     38.55% |           3      3.61%     42.17% |           3      3.61%     45.78% |           4      4.82%     50.60% |           3      3.61%     54.22% |           3      3.61%     57.83% |           1      1.20%     59.04% |           2      2.41%     61.45% |           0      0.00%     61.45% |           1      1.20%     62.65% |           0      0.00%     62.65% |           1      1.20%     63.86% |           2      2.41%     66.27% |           3      3.61%     69.88% |           5      6.02%     75.90% |           4      4.82%     80.72% |           7      8.43%     89.16% |           3      3.61%     92.77% |           2      2.41%     95.18% |           2      2.41%     97.59% |           2      2.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           83                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       75678      7.22%      7.22% |       32798      3.13%     10.35% |       29417      2.81%     13.15% |       32316      3.08%     16.24% |       29714      2.83%     19.07% |       29605      2.82%     21.89% |       29017      2.77%     24.66% |       29624      2.83%     27.49% |       30324      2.89%     30.38% |       29923      2.85%     33.24% |       32460      3.10%     36.33% |       30802      2.94%     39.27% |       30448      2.90%     42.17% |       30238      2.88%     45.06% |       29531      2.82%     47.88% |       30132      2.87%     50.75% |       31258      2.98%     53.73% |       30248      2.89%     56.62% |       30839      2.94%     59.56% |       31554      3.01%     62.57% |       32048      3.06%     65.63% |       36914      3.52%     69.15% |       31180      2.97%     72.12% |       31178      2.97%     75.10% |       31172      2.97%     78.07% |       31170      2.97%     81.04% |       31093      2.97%     84.01% |       30806      2.94%     86.95% |       32613      3.11%     90.06% |       32085      3.06%     93.12% |       34056      3.25%     96.37% |       38080      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1048321                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           4      5.00%      5.00% |           2      2.50%      7.50% |           6      7.50%     15.00% |           3      3.75%     18.75% |           3      3.75%     22.50% |           3      3.75%     26.25% |           2      2.50%     28.75% |           1      1.25%     30.00% |           2      2.50%     32.50% |           2      2.50%     35.00% |           4      5.00%     40.00% |           2      2.50%     42.50% |           2      2.50%     45.00% |           1      1.25%     46.25% |           1      1.25%     47.50% |           1      1.25%     48.75% |           2      2.50%     51.25% |           2      2.50%     53.75% |           3      3.75%     57.50% |           2      2.50%     60.00% |           2      2.50%     62.50% |           4      5.00%     67.50% |           3      3.75%     71.25% |           0      0.00%     71.25% |           1      1.25%     72.50% |           3      3.75%     76.25% |           3      3.75%     80.00% |           2      2.50%     82.50% |           4      5.00%     87.50% |           4      5.00%     92.50% |           3      3.75%     96.25% |           3      3.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           80                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          73      4.82%      4.82% |          46      3.04%      7.86% |          47      3.10%     10.96% |          43      2.84%     13.80% |          41      2.71%     16.51% |          48      3.17%     19.68% |          43      2.84%     22.52% |          47      3.10%     25.63% |          43      2.84%     28.47% |          41      2.71%     31.18% |          58      3.83%     35.01% |          44      2.91%     37.91% |          42      2.77%     40.69% |          42      2.77%     43.46% |          40      2.64%     46.10% |          37      2.44%     48.55% |          35      2.31%     50.86% |          39      2.58%     53.43% |          38      2.51%     55.94% |          45      2.97%     58.92% |          62      4.10%     63.01% |          85      5.61%     68.63% |          47      3.10%     71.73% |          49      3.24%     74.97% |          45      2.97%     77.94% |          42      2.77%     80.71% |          44      2.91%     83.62% |          44      2.91%     86.53% |          47      3.10%     89.63% |          46      3.04%     92.67% |          51      3.37%     96.04% |          60      3.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1514                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      7.14%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           2      7.14%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           2      7.14%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           8     28.57%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |          11     39.29%     89.29% |           0      0.00%     89.29% |           3     10.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           28                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       26736      3.59%      3.59% |       23228      3.12%      6.71% |       23243      3.12%      9.83% |       23162      3.11%     12.94% |       23131      3.11%     16.05% |       23131      3.11%     19.15% |       23151      3.11%     22.26% |       23154      3.11%     25.37% |       23166      3.11%     28.48% |       23218      3.12%     31.60% |       23241      3.12%     34.72% |       23177      3.11%     37.83% |       23189      3.11%     40.94% |       23174      3.11%     44.05% |       23196      3.11%     47.17% |       23134      3.11%     50.27% |       23164      3.11%     53.38% |       23145      3.11%     56.49% |       23161      3.11%     59.60% |       23130      3.11%     62.71% |       23129      3.11%     65.81% |       23167      3.11%     68.92% |       23143      3.11%     72.03% |       23126      3.11%     75.14% |       23171      3.11%     78.25% |       23212      3.12%     81.36% |       23173      3.11%     84.47% |       23096      3.10%     87.58% |       23144      3.11%     90.68% |       23135      3.11%     93.79% |       23121      3.10%     96.89% |       23132      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       744780                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          55     63.95%     63.95% |           0      0.00%     63.95% |           3      3.49%     67.44% |           1      1.16%     68.60% |           0      0.00%     68.60% |           1      1.16%     69.77% |           0      0.00%     69.77% |           0      0.00%     69.77% |           1      1.16%     70.93% |           0      0.00%     70.93% |           1      1.16%     72.09% |           0      0.00%     72.09% |           1      1.16%     73.26% |           0      0.00%     73.26% |           0      0.00%     73.26% |           0      0.00%     73.26% |           0      0.00%     73.26% |           1      1.16%     74.42% |           2      2.33%     76.74% |           2      2.33%     79.07% |           1      1.16%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           2      2.33%     84.88% |           0      0.00%     84.88% |           1      1.16%     86.05% |           1      1.16%     87.21% |           2      2.33%     89.53% |           2      2.33%     91.86% |           3      3.49%     95.35% |           2      2.33%     97.67% |           2      2.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           4      7.84%      7.84% |           2      3.92%     11.76% |           3      5.88%     17.65% |           2      3.92%     21.57% |           3      5.88%     27.45% |           2      3.92%     31.37% |           2      3.92%     35.29% |           2      3.92%     39.22% |           1      1.96%     41.18% |           2      3.92%     45.10% |           3      5.88%     50.98% |           2      3.92%     54.90% |           1      1.96%     56.86% |           1      1.96%     58.82% |           1      1.96%     60.78% |           1      1.96%     62.75% |           2      3.92%     66.67% |           1      1.96%     68.63% |           1      1.96%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           1      1.96%     72.55% |           2      3.92%     76.47% |           1      1.96%     78.43% |           1      1.96%     80.39% |           0      0.00%     80.39% |           2      3.92%     84.31% |           1      1.96%     86.27% |           0      0.00%     86.27% |           1      1.96%     88.24% |           2      3.92%     92.16% |           1      1.96%     94.12% |           3      5.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           51                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           6     85.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           4      3.39%      3.39% |           1      0.85%      4.24% |           5      4.24%      8.47% |           4      3.39%     11.86% |           1      0.85%     12.71% |           1      0.85%     13.56% |           0      0.00%     13.56% |           2      1.69%     15.25% |           2      1.69%     16.95% |           1      0.85%     17.80% |           4      3.39%     21.19% |           2      1.69%     22.88% |           2      1.69%     24.58% |           0      0.00%     24.58% |           0      0.00%     24.58% |           0      0.00%     24.58% |           1      0.85%     25.42% |           2      1.69%     27.12% |           5      4.24%     31.36% |           8      6.78%     38.14% |          17     14.41%     52.54% |          18     15.25%     67.80% |           7      5.93%     73.73% |           8      6.78%     80.51% |           3      2.54%     83.05% |           3      2.54%     85.59% |           2      1.69%     87.29% |           3      2.54%     89.83% |           2      1.69%     91.53% |           3      2.54%     94.07% |           6      5.08%     99.15% |           1      0.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          118                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          69      4.94%      4.94% |          45      3.22%      8.17% |          42      3.01%     11.17% |          39      2.79%     13.97% |          40      2.87%     16.83% |          47      3.37%     20.20% |          43      3.08%     23.28% |          45      3.22%     26.50% |          41      2.94%     29.44% |          40      2.87%     32.31% |          54      3.87%     36.17% |          42      3.01%     39.18% |          40      2.87%     42.05% |          42      3.01%     45.06% |          40      2.87%     47.92% |          37      2.65%     50.57% |          34      2.44%     53.01% |          37      2.65%     55.66% |          33      2.36%     58.02% |          37      2.65%     60.67% |          45      3.22%     63.90% |          67      4.80%     68.70% |          40      2.87%     71.56% |          41      2.94%     74.50% |          42      3.01%     77.51% |          39      2.79%     80.30% |          42      3.01%     83.31% |          41      2.94%     86.25% |          45      3.22%     89.47% |          43      3.08%     92.55% |          45      3.22%     95.77% |          59      4.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1396                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         447      3.29%      3.29% |         421      3.10%      6.39% |         418      3.08%      9.46% |         404      2.97%     12.44% |         412      3.03%     15.47% |         406      2.99%     18.45% |         420      3.09%     21.55% |         417      3.07%     24.61% |         409      3.01%     27.62% |         420      3.09%     30.71% |         449      3.30%     34.02% |         439      3.23%     37.25% |         453      3.33%     40.58% |         434      3.19%     43.77% |         449      3.30%     47.08% |         441      3.25%     50.32% |         451      3.32%     53.64% |         444      3.27%     56.91% |         436      3.21%     60.12% |         405      2.98%     63.10% |         389      2.86%     65.96% |         410      3.02%     68.98% |         409      3.01%     71.99% |         403      2.97%     74.95% |         431      3.17%     78.12% |         454      3.34%     81.46% |         441      3.25%     84.71% |         404      2.97%     87.68% |         417      3.07%     90.75% |         426      3.13%     93.89% |         426      3.13%     97.02% |         405      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13590                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           1      1.23%      1.23% |           2      2.47%      3.70% |           1      1.23%      4.94% |           3      3.70%      8.64% |           3      3.70%     12.35% |           3      3.70%     16.05% |           4      4.94%     20.99% |           3      3.70%     24.69% |           5      6.17%     30.86% |           3      3.70%     34.57% |           2      2.47%     37.04% |           2      2.47%     39.51% |           3      3.70%     43.21% |           3      3.70%     46.91% |           4      4.94%     51.85% |           3      3.70%     55.56% |           3      3.70%     59.26% |           1      1.23%     60.49% |           2      2.47%     62.96% |           0      0.00%     62.96% |           1      1.23%     64.20% |           0      0.00%     64.20% |           1      1.23%     65.43% |           2      2.47%     67.90% |           3      3.70%     71.60% |           5      6.17%     77.78% |           4      4.94%     82.72% |           5      6.17%     88.89% |           3      3.70%     92.59% |           2      2.47%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      1.05%      1.05% |           3      3.16%      4.21% |           2      2.11%      6.32% |           4      4.21%     10.53% |           3      3.16%     13.68% |           5      5.26%     18.95% |           6      6.32%     25.26% |           3      3.16%     28.42% |           5      5.26%     33.68% |           3      3.16%     36.84% |           2      2.11%     38.95% |           2      2.11%     41.05% |           4      4.21%     45.26% |           3      3.16%     48.42% |           5      5.26%     53.68% |           3      3.16%     56.84% |           3      3.16%     60.00% |           1      1.05%     61.05% |           3      3.16%     64.21% |           0      0.00%     64.21% |           1      1.05%     65.26% |           0      0.00%     65.26% |           1      1.05%     66.32% |           2      2.11%     68.42% |           4      4.21%     72.63% |           5      5.26%     77.89% |           5      5.26%     83.16% |           6      6.32%     89.47% |           3      3.16%     92.63% |           2      2.11%     94.74% |           2      2.11%     96.84% |           3      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           95                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       12342      4.30%      4.30% |        8944      3.11%      7.41% |        8953      3.12%     10.53% |        8887      3.09%     13.62% |        8859      3.08%     16.71% |        8857      3.08%     19.79% |        8862      3.09%     22.88% |        8871      3.09%     25.97% |        8884      3.09%     29.06% |        8919      3.11%     32.17% |        8935      3.11%     35.28% |        8860      3.09%     38.36% |        8864      3.09%     41.45% |        8869      3.09%     44.54% |        8880      3.09%     47.63% |        8828      3.07%     50.70% |        8829      3.07%     53.78% |        8825      3.07%     56.85% |        8850      3.08%     59.93% |        8843      3.08%     63.01% |        8847      3.08%     66.09% |        8854      3.08%     69.18% |        8871      3.09%     72.27% |        8850      3.08%     75.35% |        8857      3.08%     78.43% |        8882      3.09%     81.52% |        8851      3.08%     84.61% |        8819      3.07%     87.68% |        8860      3.09%     90.76% |        8844      3.08%     93.84% |        8818      3.07%     96.91% |        8868      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       287182                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         447      3.29%      3.29% |         421      3.10%      6.38% |         421      3.10%      9.48% |         405      2.98%     12.45% |         411      3.02%     15.48% |         405      2.98%     18.45% |         417      3.07%     21.52% |         418      3.07%     24.59% |         409      3.01%     27.60% |         421      3.10%     30.69% |         447      3.29%     33.98% |         438      3.22%     37.20% |         455      3.35%     40.55% |         434      3.19%     43.74% |         449      3.30%     47.04% |         443      3.26%     50.29% |         453      3.33%     53.62% |         445      3.27%     56.90% |         438      3.22%     60.12% |         409      3.01%     63.12% |         390      2.87%     65.99% |         412      3.03%     69.02% |         408      3.00%     72.02% |         401      2.95%     74.97% |         428      3.15%     78.11% |         452      3.32%     81.44% |         441      3.24%     84.68% |         405      2.98%     87.66% |         419      3.08%     90.74% |         428      3.15%     93.88% |         428      3.15%     97.03% |         404      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13602                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       14971      3.14%      3.14% |       14887      3.12%      6.26% |       14893      3.12%      9.39% |       14894      3.12%     12.51% |       14885      3.12%     15.63% |       14893      3.12%     18.76% |       14896      3.12%     21.88% |       14889      3.12%     25.00% |       14897      3.12%     28.13% |       14902      3.13%     31.25% |       14883      3.12%     34.38% |       14903      3.13%     37.50% |       14894      3.12%     40.63% |       14895      3.12%     43.75% |       14891      3.12%     46.87% |       14887      3.12%     50.00% |       14906      3.13%     53.12% |       14899      3.13%     56.25% |       14897      3.12%     59.37% |       14902      3.13%     62.50% |       14916      3.13%     65.63% |       14925      3.13%     68.76% |       14888      3.12%     71.88% |       14899      3.13%     75.00% |       14910      3.13%     78.13% |       14902      3.13%     81.26% |       14905      3.13%     84.38% |       14896      3.12%     87.51% |       14889      3.12%     90.63% |       14887      3.12%     93.75% |       14899      3.13%     96.88% |       14884      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       476764                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.12%      6.12% |           6     12.24%     18.37% |           2      4.08%     22.45% |           3      6.12%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      2.04%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           1      2.04%     32.65% |           4      8.16%     40.82% |           0      0.00%     40.82% |           2      4.08%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           1      2.04%     46.94% |           2      4.08%     51.02% |          13     26.53%     77.55% |           3      6.12%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           1      2.04%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           3      6.12%     91.84% |           4      8.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           49                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       75829      7.22%      7.22% |       32862      3.13%     10.35% |       29489      2.81%     13.15% |       32384      3.08%     16.23% |       29780      2.83%     19.07% |       29679      2.82%     21.89% |       29084      2.77%     24.66% |       29696      2.83%     27.49% |       30393      2.89%     30.38% |       29989      2.85%     33.24% |       32544      3.10%     36.33% |       30867      2.94%     39.27% |       30509      2.90%     42.18% |       30302      2.88%     45.06% |       29593      2.82%     47.88% |       30191      2.87%     50.75% |       31316      2.98%     53.73% |       30307      2.88%     56.62% |       30887      2.94%     59.56% |       31616      3.01%     62.56% |       32133      3.06%     65.62% |       37024      3.52%     69.15% |       31250      2.97%     72.12% |       31249      2.97%     75.10% |       31239      2.97%     78.07% |       31238      2.97%     81.04% |       31160      2.97%     84.01% |       30873      2.94%     86.95% |       32685      3.11%     90.06% |       32155      3.06%     93.12% |       34130      3.25%     96.37% |       38162      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1050615                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           1      1.23%      1.23% |           2      2.47%      3.70% |           1      1.23%      4.94% |           3      3.70%      8.64% |           3      3.70%     12.35% |           3      3.70%     16.05% |           4      4.94%     20.99% |           3      3.70%     24.69% |           5      6.17%     30.86% |           3      3.70%     34.57% |           2      2.47%     37.04% |           2      2.47%     39.51% |           3      3.70%     43.21% |           3      3.70%     46.91% |           4      4.94%     51.85% |           3      3.70%     55.56% |           3      3.70%     59.26% |           1      1.23%     60.49% |           2      2.47%     62.96% |           0      0.00%     62.96% |           1      1.23%     64.20% |           0      0.00%     64.20% |           1      1.23%     65.43% |           2      2.47%     67.90% |           3      3.70%     71.60% |           5      6.17%     77.78% |           4      4.94%     82.72% |           5      6.17%     88.89% |           3      3.70%     92.59% |           2      2.47%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |           1      1.20%      1.20% |           2      2.41%      3.61% |           1      1.20%      4.82% |           3      3.61%      8.43% |           3      3.61%     12.05% |           3      3.61%     15.66% |           4      4.82%     20.48% |           3      3.61%     24.10% |           5      6.02%     30.12% |           3      3.61%     33.73% |           2      2.41%     36.14% |           2      2.41%     38.55% |           3      3.61%     42.17% |           3      3.61%     45.78% |           4      4.82%     50.60% |           3      3.61%     54.22% |           3      3.61%     57.83% |           1      1.20%     59.04% |           2      2.41%     61.45% |           0      0.00%     61.45% |           1      1.20%     62.65% |           0      0.00%     62.65% |           1      1.20%     63.86% |           2      2.41%     66.27% |           3      3.61%     69.88% |           5      6.02%     75.90% |           4      4.82%     80.72% |           7      8.43%     89.16% |           3      3.61%     92.77% |           2      2.41%     95.18% |           2      2.41%     97.59% |           2      2.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           83                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       51647     16.71%     16.71% |      154501     50.00%     66.71% |      102854     33.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       309002                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       51647     16.71%     16.71% |      154501     50.00%     66.71% |      102854     33.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       309002                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       51647     16.71%     16.71% |      154501     50.00%     66.71% |      102854     33.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       309002                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       51647     16.71%     16.71% |      154501     50.00%     66.71% |      102854     33.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       309002                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
