
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.154398                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                154397865500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5330565944000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  41378                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    78615                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               97798501                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4012516                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1578.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    65325325                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     124112056                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25268928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          25268928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21423744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       21423744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       394827                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             394827                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       334746                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            334746                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    163661123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            163661123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    138756737                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           138756737                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    302417860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           302417860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     394829                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    334746                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   394829                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  334746                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              25267328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               21423552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               25269056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            21423744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    26                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            24364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            25081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            24642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            24947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            24584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            24928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            24972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            24754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            24656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            24784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           24577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           25066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           24325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           24245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           24408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           24469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            20944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            20837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            20864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            21150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            20747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            21066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            21078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            21004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            21138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            20925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           20818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           20860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           20656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           20902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           20919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           20835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                     1164                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     6708                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 154397615000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               394829                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              334746                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 208786                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  14518                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  14603                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  14026                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  15156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  15322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                  13978                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                  12498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                  11072                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   9655                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  8472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  7387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  6468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  5663                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  5262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  4619                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  4060                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  3487                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  3056                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  2620                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  2299                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1650                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  1175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   868                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   729                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   528                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   430                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  1525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  53033                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  59676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  62224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  62014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  60998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  13200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                  11051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  12550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       213803                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   218.378526                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.361983                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   179.442921                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        65812     30.78%     30.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        59820     27.98%     58.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        67374     31.51%     90.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7642      3.57%     93.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4544      2.13%     95.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2493      1.17%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1672      0.78%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1417      0.66%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3029      1.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       213803                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        54473                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.247664                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    17.970486                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        54465     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        54473                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        54472                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.145194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.792365                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.626767                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          45790     84.06%     84.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5023      9.22%     93.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1941      3.56%     96.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1718      3.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        54472                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 25936517845                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            33339055345                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1974010000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    65694.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   4999.99                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               84444.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      163.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      138.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   163.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   138.76                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.19                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  291413                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 224319                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                73.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               67.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    211626.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   70.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26566497500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     5155540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT   122672227000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              813319920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              802962720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              443775750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              438124500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1546435800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1532848200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0           1086611760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1           1082477520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0        10084236240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1        10084236240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        61510708395                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        61253841600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        38679525000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        38904846750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         114164612865                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         114099337530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          739.437753                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          739.014968                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24511168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          24511168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20686848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       20686848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       382987                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             382987                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323232                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            323232                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    158753283                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            158753283                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    133984028                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           133984028                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    292737311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           292737311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     382987                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    323232                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   382987                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  323232                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              24509632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1536                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               20686656                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               24511168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            20686848                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            23653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            24332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            23897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            24204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            23873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            24188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            24231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            24044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            23920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            24039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           23809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           24338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           23594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           23492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           23598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           23751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            20225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            20130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            20161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            20442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            20038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            20358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            20346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            20273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            20414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            20201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           20102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           20146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           19938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           20182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           20149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           20124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                      411                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     6170                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 154397111000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               382987                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              323232                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 204588                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  10533                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  13136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  15213                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  16599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  16314                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                  14890                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                  13021                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                  11295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   9611                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  8255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  7110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  6079                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  5287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  4656                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  4021                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  3438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  3079                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  2606                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  2236                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  1954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  1672                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  1416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  1182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   999                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   846                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   683                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   250                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                   609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  51436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  57847                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  59726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  59980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  59335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  12672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                  10502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  11734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       187426                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   241.136235                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   187.084585                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   185.763321                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40448     21.58%     21.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        58926     31.44%     53.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        66916     35.70%     88.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7306      3.90%     92.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4632      2.47%     95.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2484      1.33%     96.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1828      0.98%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1249      0.67%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3637      1.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       187426                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        52773                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.256571                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    14.653634                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        52767     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        52773                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        52773                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.124893                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.778244                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.595554                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          44276     83.90%     83.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5031      9.53%     93.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1911      3.62%     97.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1555      2.95%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        52773                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 23535738668                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            30716294918                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1914815000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    61456.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               80206.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      158.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      133.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   158.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   133.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  288497                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 230261                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                75.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               71.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    218624.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   73.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27042232250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     5155540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT   122196272250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              714306600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              702618840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              389750625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              383373375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1500821400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1486157400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0           1049572080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1           1044919440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0        10084236240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1        10084236240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        60477619590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        60001571835                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        39585743250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        40003329000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         113802049785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         113706206130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          737.089452                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          736.468678                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     24511424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          24511424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20688448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       20688448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       382991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             382991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323257                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            323257                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    158754941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            158754941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    133994391                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           133994391                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    292749332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           292749332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     382991                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    323257                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   382991                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  323257                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              24510272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               20688448                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               24511424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            20688448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            23641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            24306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            23941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            24276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            23873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            24158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            24231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            24031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            23901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            24047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           23816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           24323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           23625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           23436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           23589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           23779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            20219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            20127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            20164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            20447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            20041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            20343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            20353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            20281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            20415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            20208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           20096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           20143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           19945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           20178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           20157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           20140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                      232                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     5738                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 154397064500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               382991                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              323257                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 204837                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  10371                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  13174                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  15330                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  16692                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  16392                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  14607                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                  12811                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                  11112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   9796                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  8402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  7187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  6266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  5416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  4740                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  4173                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  3657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  3123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  2636                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  2259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  1888                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  1609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  1361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  1106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   932                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   721                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                   370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  51456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  57889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  59854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  60281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  59358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  12773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                  10557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  11089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       187061                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   241.620434                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   187.763768                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   185.390075                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        39961     21.36%     21.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        58334     31.18%     52.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        67599     36.14%     88.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7425      3.97%     92.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4628      2.47%     95.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2451      1.31%     96.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1760      0.94%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1251      0.67%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3652      1.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       187061                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        52752                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.259857                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    14.703972                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        52746     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        52752                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        52752                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.127862                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.780530                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.598066                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          44192     83.77%     83.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5109      9.68%     93.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1891      3.58%     97.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1560      2.96%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        52752                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 23313471724                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            30494215474                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1914865000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    60874.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               79624.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      158.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      133.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   158.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   133.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.16                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  288573                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 230585                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                75.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               71.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    218615.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   73.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27138611750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     5155540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT   122099673250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              713021400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              701099280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              389049375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              382544250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1501102200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1485978000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0           1049565600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1           1045042560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0        10084236240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1        10084236240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        60055553970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        59591166705                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        39955976250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        40363333500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         113748505035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         113653400535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          736.742646                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          736.126660                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     24491456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          24491456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20686080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       20686080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       382679                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             382679                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       323220                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            323220                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    158625613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            158625613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    133979054                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           133979054                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    292604667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           292604667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     382679                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    323220                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   382679                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  323220                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              24490816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               20685952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               24491456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            20686080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            23630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            24302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            23817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            24238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            23816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            24167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            24228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            24039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            23889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            24026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           23881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           24276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           23558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           23446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           23607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           23749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            20220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            20123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            20165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            20435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            20034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            20344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            20353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            20270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            20411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            20208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           20096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           20153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           19945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           20184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           20157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           20120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                      290                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     6041                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 154396742500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               382679                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              323220                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 204388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  10419                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  12762                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  15147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  16377                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  16328                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  15063                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                  13201                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                  11328                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   9870                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  8414                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  7399                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  6354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  5404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  4774                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  4036                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  3508                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  3000                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  2578                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  2216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  1887                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  1567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  1325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  1111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   746                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   627                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   514                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   400                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   240                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                   442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  51393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  57855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  60026                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  59899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  59095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  12650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                  10761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  11541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       185665                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   243.318924                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   189.579837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   185.690703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38613     20.80%     20.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        58383     31.45%     52.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        67702     36.46%     88.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7251      3.91%     92.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4480      2.41%     95.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2529      1.36%     96.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1803      0.97%     97.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1232      0.66%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3672      1.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       185665                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        52718                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.258716                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.086982                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        52712     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        52718                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        52718                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.131075                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.782431                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.604015                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          44160     83.77%     83.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5093      9.66%     93.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1897      3.60%     97.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1568      2.97%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        52718                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 23562541847                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            30737585597                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1913345000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    61574.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               80324.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      158.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      133.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   158.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   133.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.16                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  288494                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 231718                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                75.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               71.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    218723.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   73.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26225384000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     5155540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT   123012901000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              706920480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              696638880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              385720500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              380110500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1499355000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1485307200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0           1049377680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1           1044977760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0        10084236240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1        10084236240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        60232824540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        59685509115                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        39800475750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        40280577000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         113758910190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         113657356695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          736.810040                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          736.152283                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1425                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1425                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4282                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5230                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               187000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              522524                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              128024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1856500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          377                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1544192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          377                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               13547995                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 63.891882                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                30.308010                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev               136.071792                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    12437434     91.80%     91.80% |      185662      1.37%     93.17% |      186862      1.38%     94.55% |      225808      1.67%     96.22% |      244860      1.81%     98.03% |      211124      1.56%     99.58% |       50068      0.37%     99.95% |        5942      0.04%    100.00% |         235      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 13547995                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     44061558                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.120390                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.641952                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.262593                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    41942610     95.19%     95.19% |     1401070      3.18%     98.37% |       18105      0.04%     98.41% |       21720      0.05%     98.46% |       44503      0.10%     98.56% |      101758      0.23%     98.79% |      175557      0.40%     99.19% |      254054      0.58%     99.77% |      102181      0.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      44061558                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            44061556                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              21.167885                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.710812                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            116.359213                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    43480986     98.68%     98.68% |      416585      0.95%     99.63% |      133949      0.30%     99.93% |       25491      0.06%     99.99% |        3980      0.01%    100.00% |         479      0.00%    100.00% |          79      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              44061556                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        41890800                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000158                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000134                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.013534                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    41884594     99.99%     99.99% |        5895      0.01%    100.00% |         211      0.00%    100.00% |          95      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          41890800                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        2170756                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        371.764914                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       224.492340                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       381.488556                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1590186     73.25%     73.25% |      416585     19.19%     92.45% |      133949      6.17%     98.62% |       25491      1.17%     99.79% |        3980      0.18%     99.97% |         479      0.02%    100.00% |          79      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          2170756                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     3145728                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8519680                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         159583                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       159583                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            9                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     27194418                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1312091                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     28506509                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     14690636                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       127149                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     14817785                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       546468                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        46084                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       215590                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2130540                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        78036                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           14                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           14                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1433                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       182879                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       184312                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        64815                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1408                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       180309                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       181717                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        63442                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1480                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       185429                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       186909                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        66175                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1425                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       182887                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       184312                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        64568                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       119131                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        59668                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       178799                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        20145                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        47882                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        68027                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        16799                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        47929                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        64728                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        16217                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        47915                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        64132                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        12581                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        47954                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        60535                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        13426                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        47897                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        61323                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        12518                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        47919                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        60437                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        12891                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        47814                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        60705                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        15602                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        47886                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        63488                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        14931                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        47899                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        62830                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        15780                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        47922                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        63702                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16471                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        47844                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        64315                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        14404                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        47896                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        62300                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        16257                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        47831                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        64088                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        19058                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        47846                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        66904                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20119                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        47815                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        67934                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16198                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        47796                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        63994                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16792                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        47899                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        64691                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18401                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        47947                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        66348                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        16292                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        47868                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        64160                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18408                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        47781                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        66189                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        20347                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        47835                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        68182                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19317                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        47834                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        67151                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        14179                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        47846                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        62025                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27395                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        47801                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        75196                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        24907                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        47825                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        72732                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        13602                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        47867                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        61469                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13675                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        47817                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        61492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        11033                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        47841                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        58874                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        10840                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        47858                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        58698                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14394                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        47930                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        62324                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        15120                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        47866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        62986                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     22155073                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     22155073                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     22427327                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     22155073                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      9066896                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      9055853                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     22155073                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.071747                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     10135504                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     10135504                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10384611                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10135504                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4562094                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4548316                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     10135504                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.032823                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      8107801                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      8107801                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8505789                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8107801                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3102964                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3089733                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      8107801                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.026256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      7069151                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      7069151                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7453081                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7069151                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2791168                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2779143                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      7069151                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.022893                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      9144109                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      9144109                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9593756                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9144109                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3882745                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3860565                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      9144109                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.029612                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      9788830                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      9788830                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10241324                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9788830                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4121401                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4101506                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      9788830                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.031700                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      8173435                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      8173435                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8286485                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8173435                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2816946                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2812871                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      8173435                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.026469                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      5216245                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      5216245                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5316267                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5216245                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1858588                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1854657                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      5216245                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.016892                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      3281734                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      3281734                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3302225                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3281734                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1269424                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1269094                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      3281734                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.010628                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      4326619                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      4326619                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4350778                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4326619                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1848093                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1847579                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      4326619                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.014011                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3204330                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3204330                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3229416                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3204330                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1199559                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1199290                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3204330                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.010377                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3560192                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3560192                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3581370                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3560192                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1337590                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1337276                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3560192                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.011529                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4889079                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4889079                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4921541                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4889079                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2028743                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2028235                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4889079                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.015833                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3441890                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3441890                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3463002                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3441890                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1269293                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1269062                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3441890                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.011146                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1898936                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1898936                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1917080                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1898936                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       700657                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       700428                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1898936                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.006149                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3194977                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3194977                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3255654                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3194977                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1162541                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1161429                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3194977                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.010347                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4312769                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4312769                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4356626                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4312769                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1514833                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1514081                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4312769                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.013966                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3375998                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3375998                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3426145                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3375998                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1211381                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1210306                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3375998                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.010933                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3519466                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3519466                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3613452                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3519466                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1284072                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1281726                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3519466                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.011397                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1959828                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1959828                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1978493                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1959828                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       724382                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       724064                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1959828                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006347                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1848404                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1848404                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1851512                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1848404                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       745957                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       745904                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1848404                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005986                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2482535                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2482535                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2488825                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2482535                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1060841                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1060375                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2482535                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.008039                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2042616                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2042616                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2048570                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2042616                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       811073                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       811072                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2042616                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006615                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1311824                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1311824                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1311824                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1311824                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       499604                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       499604                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1311824                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004248                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1806494                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1806494                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1809579                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1806494                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       699360                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       699306                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1806494                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005850                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2459655                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2459655                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2465992                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2459655                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1040025                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1039579                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2459655                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007965                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2000974                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2000974                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2006776                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2000974                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       785102                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       785102                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2000974                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006480                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1332229                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1332229                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1332229                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1332229                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       506561                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       506561                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1332229                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004314                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      7802038                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      7802038                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8108590                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7802038                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2895545                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2890962                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      7802037                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.025266                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      8143726                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      8143726                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8409349                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8143726                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3014368                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3009738                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      8143726                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.026373                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      7671059                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      7671059                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7955064                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7671059                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2768949                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2762831                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      7671059                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.024842                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8104297                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8104297                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8379500                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8104297                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2933942                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2927621                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8104297                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.026245                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    12942726     29.55%     29.55% |    28798432     65.75%     95.30% |     2059689      4.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     43800847                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    12942726     29.55%     29.55% |    28798433     65.75%     95.30% |     2059689      4.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     43800848                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   496010072                       |   687562052                       |    45645111                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |  1291997013                       |   116824929                       |     2059692                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   38.323462                       |   23.874982                       |   22.161167                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   99.824180                       |    4.056642                       |    1.000001                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.063778                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    32.211287                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         60.275064                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002224                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.052236      7.62%      7.62% |    0.052172      7.61%     15.24% |    0.050897      7.43%     22.67% |    0.050715      7.40%     30.07% |    0.111519     16.28%     46.35% |    0.111460     16.27%     62.62% |    0.111497     16.27%     78.89% |    0.111422     16.26%     95.15% |    0.008300      1.21%     96.37% |    0.008302      1.21%     97.58% |    0.008301      1.21%     98.79% |    0.008301      1.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.685122                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.016977                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027714                       |    0.000000                       |    0.003498                       |    0.003448                       |    0.003548                       |    0.003498                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004502                       |    0.002131                       |    0.002021                       |    0.002015                       |    0.002004                       |    0.002000                       |    0.001953                       |    0.001952                       |    0.002022                       |    0.002029                       |    0.002067                       |    0.002056                       |    0.001987                       |    0.001999                       |    0.001984                       |    0.001989                       |    0.002042                       |    0.002029                       |    0.002048                       |    0.002061                       |    0.002057                       |    0.002110                       |    0.002130                       |    0.002054                       |    0.002067                       |    0.002100                       |    0.002058                       |    0.002092                       |    0.002133                       |    0.002109                       |    0.002266                       |    0.002220                       |    0.007666                       |    0.007435                       |    0.007435                       |    0.007429                       |    0.000078                       |           0                       |    0.000385                       |    0.000902                       |    0.000127                       |    0.000133                       |    0.000125                       |    0.000133                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002196                       |    0.000079                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002135                       |    0.001576                       |           0                       |    0.002136                       |           0                       |    0.002758                       |    0.004157                       |    0.001576                       |           0                       |    0.002270                       |    0.006811                       |           0                       |    0.005480                       |    0.007390                       |    0.003315                       |    0.003552                       |    0.002136                       |    0.000127                       |    0.006674                       |    0.004646                       |    0.009121                       |    0.003502                       |    0.002120                       |    0.000133                       |    0.008508                       |    0.005867                       |    0.002763                       |           0                       |    0.002235                       |    0.006585                       |           0                       |    0.007987                       |    0.005443                       |    0.004122                       |           0                       |    0.002179                       |           0                       |    0.004123                       |    0.002722                       |    0.002505                       |           0                       |    0.002205                       |           0                       |    0.002067                       |    0.001578                       |           0                       |    0.002243                       |           0                       |    0.001092                       |    0.002110                       |    0.002594                       |           0                       |    0.002134                       |           0                       |    0.000990                       |    0.004315                       |    0.004139                       |    0.002434                       |    0.003601                       |    0.002115                       |    0.000125                       |    0.004635                       |    0.008297                       |    0.007332                       |    0.003508                       |    0.027598                       |    0.003964                       |    0.000385                       |    0.004712                       |    0.013863                       |    0.017914                       |    0.003312                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002240                       |    0.000902                       |    0.004664                       |    0.007268                       |    0.014445                       |    0.003304                       |    0.003552                       |    0.002106                       |    0.000133                       |    0.006838                       |    0.006437                       |    0.008313                       |    0.004320                       |           0                       |    0.002112                       |           0                       |    0.001963                       |    0.004087                       |    0.004288                       |    0.003383                       |           0                       |    0.002235                       |           0                       |    0.001061                       |    0.002100                       |    0.002570                       |           0                       |    0.002251                       |           0                       |    0.000039                       |    0.002130                       |    0.002194                       |           0                       |    0.002178                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001890                       |    0.004197                       |    0.002112                       |           0                       |    0.002404                       |    0.006585                       |           0                       |    0.002619                       |    0.003746                       |    0.007373                       |    0.002114                       |           0                       |    0.002073                       |           0                       |    0.015424                       |    0.004073                       |    0.002734                       |    0.002165                       |           0                       |    0.002079                       |           0                       |    0.002674                       |    0.006759                       |    0.003228                       |    0.002151                       |           0                       |    0.002334                       |    0.006583                       |           0                       |    0.003414                       |    0.008028                       |    0.003706                       |    0.002180                       |           0                       |    0.002115                       |           0                       |    0.000928                       |    0.004057                       |    0.001852                       |    0.002194                       |           0                       |    0.002200                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002058                       |    0.002222                       |           0                       |    0.002194                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002054                       |           0                       |    0.002112                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004038                       |           0                       |    0.002114                       |           0                       |    0.003363                       |           0                       |    0.004869                       |           0                       |    0.002165                       |           0                       |    0.007071                       |    0.002206                       |    0.002524                       |           0                       |    0.002151                       |           0                       |    0.000875                       |    0.004890                       |    0.003017                       |           0                       |    0.002180                       |           0                       |    0.004990                       |    0.004228                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002194                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004153                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002222                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002092                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.685122                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        14550949                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     14550949                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       695004                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     11873687                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        11218869                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     94.485133                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          599277                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29693                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             14912093                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              95066                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            22659738                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            188703                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         15007159                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        22848441                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  37571831                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  283769                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              37855600                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             14824974                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses              10119                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         14835093                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  14824974                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                   10119                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              14835093                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                301969076                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     47469086                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               76892386                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            14550949                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     11818146                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             248531360                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1522244                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             148102                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       206105                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       375299                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         2942                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       349053                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          14824369                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        341425                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            4327                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    297843069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.505891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.708160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        266888689     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5843511      1.96%     91.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1731317      0.58%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1362014      0.46%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          4990985      1.68%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          5268116      1.77%     96.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1235666      0.41%     96.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           616780      0.21%     96.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          9905991      3.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    297843069                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.048187                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.254637                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         28223410                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     244885681                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          17717422                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6255427                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         761122                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      142666338                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         761122                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         30976558                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       151952888                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     16935583                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          20899341                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      76317570                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      139364398                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         89447                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        3172260                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         534577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       70992017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    151418794                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     314368011                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    189294291                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           74                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     133735495                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         17683269                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       443235                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       447764                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          42276392                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      8044013                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     23219793                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1152035                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       915964                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          136515318                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       600857                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         140745895                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       294498                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12601147                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     17049250                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       141907                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    297843069                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.472551                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.213389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    240197007     80.65%     80.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22864328      7.68%     88.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13784787      4.63%     92.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8761316      2.94%     95.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3454524      1.16%     97.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4005415      1.34%     98.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3730209      1.25%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       562244      0.19%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       483239      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    297843069                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          123939      8.84%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         954510     68.05%     76.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        324159     23.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       504871      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     102001203     72.47%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        63757      0.05%     72.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52325      0.04%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15129175     10.75%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     22994564     16.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      140745895                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.466094                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1402608                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.009966                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    581031909                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149727116                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131528862                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          136                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      141643604                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1619906                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1341475                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2779                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        10080                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1075193                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1820                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8362483                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         761122                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5598681                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     142748738                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137116175                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       105794                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       8044013                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     23219793                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       591764                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         110214                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     142479387                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        10080                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       407061                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       369314                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       776375                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     139445108                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      14901174                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1017569                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             37600000                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         12196212                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           22698826                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.461786                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              131670301                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             131528882                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          78681142                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         113678719                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.435571                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.692136                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12931048                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       458950                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       708039                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    295615701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419843                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.212357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    246154561     83.27%     83.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19363193      6.55%     89.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11006188      3.72%     93.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     10813515      3.66%     97.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2251880      0.76%     97.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       539388      0.18%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2390343      0.81%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       523643      0.18%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2572990      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    295615701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     65325324                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      124112053                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               28847125                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6702533                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5773                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           11490293                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         123526949                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       517184                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       218011      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     94933684     76.49%     76.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        62394      0.05%     76.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50839      0.04%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6702533      5.40%     82.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     22144592     17.84%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    124112053                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2572990                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            429877654                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           276326125                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   88262                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4126007                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6826231                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            65325324                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             124112053                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.622542                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.622542                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.216331                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.216331                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        192862039                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        96027465                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          60604962                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         45384061                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        62492798                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         444983                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               2967185000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            2967184999.999997                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.68435e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       6248004                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean       109.245800                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       41.879280                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      190.316407                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5137531     82.23%     82.23% |      185574      2.97%     85.20% |      186862      2.99%     88.19% |      225808      3.61%     91.80% |      244860      3.92%     95.72% |      211124      3.38%     99.10% |       50068      0.80%     99.90% |        5942      0.10%    100.00% |         235      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         6248004                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       7281079                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.081626                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       22.986284                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.738362                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     5198946     71.40%     71.40% |     2073265     28.47%     99.88% |        7900      0.11%     99.99% |         880      0.01%    100.00% |          83      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         7281079                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         18912                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.070484                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.764694                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.090608                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         667      3.53%      3.53% |        2305     12.19%     15.71% |        8683     45.91%     61.63% |        4394     23.23%     84.86% |        2845     15.04%     99.90% |          18      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           18912                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6237987                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           34.749944                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.059467                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         172.283057                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6069308     97.30%     97.30% |      104687      1.68%     98.97% |       51697      0.83%     99.80% |       10163      0.16%     99.97% |        1846      0.03%    100.00% |         257      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6237987                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5790294                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000629                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000543                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.025116                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5786657     99.94%     99.94% |        3635      0.06%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5790294                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       447693                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     445.383725                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    202.420946                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    481.573734                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      279014     62.32%     62.32% |      104687     23.38%     85.71% |       51697     11.55%     97.25% |       10163      2.27%     99.52% |        1846      0.41%     99.94% |         257      0.06%     99.99% |          28      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        447693                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         22679379                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           28.948722                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.080051                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         133.206301                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    22267921     98.19%     98.19% |      311479      1.37%     99.56% |       82241      0.36%     99.92% |       15326      0.07%     99.99% |        2133      0.01%    100.00% |         222      0.00%    100.00% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           22679379                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     21111611                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000136                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000113                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.013621                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    21109144     99.99%     99.99% |        2158      0.01%    100.00% |         210      0.00%    100.00% |          95      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       21111611                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1567768                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     378.373150                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    256.305120                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    354.287489                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1156310     73.76%     73.76% |      311479     19.87%     93.62% |       82241      5.25%     98.87% |       15326      0.98%     99.85% |        2133      0.14%     99.98% |         222      0.01%    100.00% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1567768                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     14817783                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.742106                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.084897                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       9.975967                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    14814140     99.98%     99.98% |        3329      0.02%    100.00% |         262      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       14817783                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     14690636                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000369                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14690634    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     14690636                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       127147                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    89.485415                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.540802                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    64.672975                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      123504     97.13%     97.13% |        3329      2.62%     99.75% |         262      0.21%     99.96% |          38      0.03%     99.99% |           5      0.00%     99.99% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       127147                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       325101                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.075020                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.019814                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.062463                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      318219     97.88%     97.88% |        5313      1.63%     99.52% |        1313      0.40%     99.92% |         137      0.04%     99.96% |          59      0.02%     99.98% |          45      0.01%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       325101                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       296981                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000337                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000291                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.018347                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      296881     99.97%     99.97% |         100      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       296981                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28120                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   107.914580                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    88.293609                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    81.820241                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       21238     75.53%     75.53% |        5313     18.89%     94.42% |        1313      4.67%     99.09% |         137      0.49%     99.58% |          59      0.21%     99.79% |          45      0.16%     99.95% |          12      0.04%     99.99% |           3      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28120                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.033691                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.415886                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.368971                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         625     95.71%     95.71% |          19      2.91%     98.62% |           5      0.77%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.31%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    73.750000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    61.948683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    56.388615                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          19     67.86%     67.86% |           5     17.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           2      7.14%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13316                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       897572                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       105486                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    90942                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    75298                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    90944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    72834                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    90858                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    77226                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    90966                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    75173                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  10466                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   7678                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  10464                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   7550                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                  10550                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   8342                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  10442                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   7803                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    60259                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    50262                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    59323                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    47968                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    60461                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    52353                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    59543                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    49727                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               101408                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                82976                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               101408                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                80384                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses               101408                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                85568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses               101408                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                82976                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 1552954                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 1366580                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 1480841                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 1264874                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 1529393                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 1346875                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 1464390                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                 1297714                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   29216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   21024                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   29216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   20368                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   29216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   21680                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   29216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   21024                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  72192                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  61952                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  72192                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  60016                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  72192                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  63888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  72192                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  61952                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                25687                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                19027                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                25759                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                18419                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                25706                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                19569                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                25727                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                18944                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               3529                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               1997                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               3457                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               1949                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               3510                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               2111                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               3489                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               2080                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               65255                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               56271                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               65185                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               54415                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               65152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               57657                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               65239                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               56229                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              6937                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              5681                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              7007                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              5601                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              7040                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              6231                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              6953                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              5723                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       31                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       33                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                3160139                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2657873                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                3146312                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2597880                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                3091192                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2644699                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                3089181                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2638701                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     496                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     528                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               2431216                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               2130132                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               2363031                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               2008451                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2395345                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               2123313                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               2334809                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2122151                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            1244908                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            1146300                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            1244843                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            1115621                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles            1248587                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            1192485                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            1251464                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            1148126                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              3381459                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2921514                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3404068                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2881288                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              3312160                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2922398                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              3330483                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              2921462                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          2431216                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          2130132                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          2363031                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          2008451                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2395345                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          2123313                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          2334809                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2122151                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       1171902                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       1010283                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       1172103                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        978500                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       1171783                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       1041480                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       1171570                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       1010294                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         2210020                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1937685                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         2194072                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1882550                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         2151531                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         1926805                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         2159730                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1928313                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            3112276                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2621822                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            3098551                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2548532                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            3046710                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2608194                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            3038706                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2606116                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         302962442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         306127946                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         302962438                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         306127942                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         302962444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         306127948                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         302962440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         306127944                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          3134335                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2640613                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          3125089                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2570444                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          3052047                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2616396                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          3065445                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2621266                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0              1881                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              1429                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              1895                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              1391                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0              1887                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0              1478                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0              1902                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0              1453                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             13581                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1             12258                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             14431                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1             12606                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1             13354                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             12168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1             14236                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1             12852                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              5669                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              4296                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              6116                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              4504                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              5469                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              4081                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              6046                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              4600                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles          257233                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles          184087                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          226021                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles          161386                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles          261143                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles          195494                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          222207                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          162930                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      394802     25.58%     25.58% |      382987     24.81%     50.39% |      382991     24.81%     75.21% |      382679     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1543459                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      328915     25.67%     25.67% |      317394     24.78%     50.45% |      317416     24.78%     75.23% |      317377     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1281102                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      394827     25.58%     25.58% |      382987     24.81%     50.39% |      382991     24.81%     75.21% |      382679     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1543484                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      334746     25.66%     25.66% |      323232     24.78%     50.44% |      323257     24.78%     75.22% |      323220     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1304455                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6032     25.00%     25.00% |        6032     25.00%     50.00% |        6032     25.00%     75.00% |        6032     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       57694     25.13%     25.13% |       57401     25.00%     50.13% |       57383     24.99%     75.13% |       57110     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       229588                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      394802     25.58%     25.58% |      382987     24.81%     50.39% |      382991     24.81%     75.21% |      382679     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1543459                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      328659     25.67%     25.67% |      317200     24.78%     50.45% |      317225     24.78%     75.22% |      317188     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1280272                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       57694     25.13%     25.13% |       57401     25.00%     50.13% |       57383     24.99%     75.13% |       57110     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       229588                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      394800     25.58%     25.58% |      382987     24.81%     50.39% |      382991     24.81%     75.21% |      382679     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1543457                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      328659     25.67%     25.67% |      317200     24.78%     50.45% |      317225     24.78%     75.22% |      317188     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1280272                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          775                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6039085     96.78%     96.78% |          14      0.00%     96.78% |       50176      0.80%     97.59% |       49520      0.79%     98.38% |       50832      0.81%     99.20% |       50176      0.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6239803                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    14817833    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     14817833                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    22469609     97.67%     97.67% |           0      0.00%     97.67% |      134142      0.58%     98.25% |      132197      0.57%     98.83% |      136079      0.59%     99.42% |      134138      0.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     23006165                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       18763     99.58%     99.58% |          14      0.07%     99.65% |           2      0.01%     99.66% |          18      0.10%     99.76% |          29      0.15%     99.91% |          17      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        18843                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1434054     66.28%     66.28% |           0      0.00%     66.28% |      182371      8.43%     74.71% |      179813      8.31%     83.02% |      184918      8.55%     91.57% |      182378      8.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2163534                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     11.76%     11.76% |          12     35.29%     47.06% |          18     52.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           34                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2      5.71%      5.71% |           0      0.00%      5.71% |           0      0.00%      5.71% |           6     17.14%     22.86% |          14     40.00%     62.86% |          13     37.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           35                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      247357     55.61%     55.61% |          12      0.00%     55.61% |       49368     11.10%     66.71% |       48717     10.95%     77.66% |       49996     11.24%     88.90% |       49376     11.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       444826                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      5.71%      5.71% |           2      5.71%     11.43% |          12     34.29%     45.71% |          15     42.86%     88.57% |           4     11.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           35                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1191865     69.06%     69.06% |           0      0.00%     69.06% |      133509      7.74%     76.79% |      131580      7.62%     84.42% |      135418      7.85%     92.26% |      133507      7.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1725879                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1307112     64.19%     64.19% |           0      0.00%     64.19% |      182365      8.95%     73.14% |      179775      8.83%     81.97% |      184876      9.08%     91.05% |      182341      8.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2036469                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      250012     55.87%     55.87% |          14      0.00%     55.87% |       49370     11.03%     66.90% |       48729     10.89%     77.79% |       50011     11.18%     88.97% |       49380     11.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       447516                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122608    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122608                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     1061836     66.54%     66.54% |           0      0.00%     66.54% |      133509      8.37%     74.90% |      131580      8.25%     83.15% |      135418      8.49%     91.63% |      133507      8.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1595850                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11165     99.41%     99.41% |           0      0.00%     99.41% |           2      0.02%     99.43% |          18      0.16%     99.59% |          29      0.26%     99.85% |          17      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11231                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         177    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        4541    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         4541                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          50    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           50                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1947     98.28%     98.28% |           0      0.00%     98.28% |           0      0.00%     98.28% |           4      0.20%     98.49% |          12      0.61%     99.09% |          18      0.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1981                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      152318    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       152318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    14690636    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     14690636                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        5541     99.96%     99.96% |           2      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         5543                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      124376     99.95%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           2      0.00%     99.95% |          18      0.01%     99.96% |          29      0.02%     99.99% |          16      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       124441                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2578833     99.88%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |         806      0.03%     99.91% |         791      0.03%     99.94% |         821      0.03%     99.97% |         796      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2582047                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       59009    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        59009                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1861     99.36%     99.36% |          12      0.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1873                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      186408     48.56%     48.56% |           0      0.00%     48.56% |       49368     12.86%     61.43% |       48711     12.69%     74.12% |       49982     13.02%     87.14% |       49364     12.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       383833                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     18.75%     18.75% |          14     43.75%     62.50% |          12     37.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           32                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3055929    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      3055929                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    21348329     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |         627      0.00%     99.99% |         617      0.00%     99.99% |         659      0.00%    100.00% |         629      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     21350861                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         196    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          196                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |     1120704     67.81%     67.81% |           0      0.00%     67.81% |      132997      8.05%     75.86% |      131064      7.93%     83.79% |      134894      8.16%     91.95% |      132977      8.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1652636                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     11.76%     11.76% |          12     35.29%     47.06% |          18     52.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           34                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         606    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          606                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      247357     55.61%     55.61% |          12      0.00%     55.61% |       49368     11.10%     66.71% |       48717     10.95%     77.66% |       49996     11.24%     88.90% |       49376     11.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       444826                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      5.71%      5.71% |           2      5.71%     11.43% |          12     34.29%     45.71% |          15     42.86%     88.57% |           4     11.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           35                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      129979    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       129979                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13     35.14%     35.14% |           0      0.00%     35.14% |           4     10.81%     45.95% |          16     43.24%     89.19% |           1      2.70%     91.89% |           3      8.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           37                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     1061886     66.54%     66.54% |           0      0.00%     66.54% |      133509      8.37%     74.90% |      131580      8.24%     83.15% |      135418      8.49%     91.63% |      133507      8.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1595900                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1816    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1816                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          48    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         369     97.36%     97.36% |           0      0.00%     97.36% |           6      1.58%     98.94% |           0      0.00%     98.94% |           2      0.53%     99.47% |           2      0.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          379                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1307112     64.19%     64.19% |           0      0.00%     64.19% |      182365      8.95%     73.14% |      179775      8.83%     81.97% |      184876      9.08%     91.05% |      182340      8.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2036468                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3920      3.08%      3.08% |        3742      2.94%      6.02% |        3539      2.78%      8.81% |        3535      2.78%     11.59% |        3657      2.88%     14.46% |        4078      3.21%     17.67% |        3853      3.03%     20.70% |        3402      2.67%     23.37% |        3671      2.89%     26.26% |        5263      4.14%     30.40% |        4068      3.20%     33.60% |        3928      3.09%     36.68% |        3671      2.89%     39.57% |        4527      3.56%     43.13% |        3964      3.12%     46.25% |        3833      3.01%     49.26% |        4273      3.36%     52.62% |        4310      3.39%     56.01% |        3756      2.95%     58.96% |        3437      2.70%     61.66% |        3179      2.50%     64.16% |        3790      2.98%     67.14% |        3598      2.83%     69.97% |        3442      2.71%     72.68% |        3755      2.95%     75.63% |        3870      3.04%     78.67% |        3360      2.64%     81.32% |        4766      3.75%     85.06% |        4102      3.23%     88.29% |        5237      4.12%     92.41% |        5167      4.06%     96.47% |        4490      3.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       127183                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      108442     24.22%     24.22% |       13864      3.10%     27.32% |       11527      2.57%     29.89% |       12318      2.75%     32.64% |       11481      2.56%     35.21% |       10960      2.45%     37.66% |        9718      2.17%     39.83% |        9716      2.17%     42.00% |       11497      2.57%     44.57% |       10323      2.31%     46.87% |       13055      2.92%     49.79% |       12102      2.70%     52.49% |       10141      2.27%     54.76% |        9916      2.21%     56.97% |        9380      2.10%     59.07% |        9711      2.17%     61.24% |       10848      2.42%     63.66% |       10105      2.26%     65.92% |       10359      2.31%     68.23% |       10698      2.39%     70.62% |       10621      2.37%     72.99% |       11063      2.47%     75.46% |       12404      2.77%     78.23% |        9957      2.22%     80.46% |       10155      2.27%     82.72% |       10758      2.40%     85.13% |        9977      2.23%     87.36% |        9720      2.17%     89.53% |       11134      2.49%     92.01% |       10188      2.28%     94.29% |       11924      2.66%     96.95% |       13640      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       447702                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       66437      4.16%      4.16% |       50422      3.16%      7.32% |       47235      2.96%     10.28% |       46168      2.89%     13.17% |       46344      2.90%     16.08% |       46462      2.91%     18.99% |       45303      2.84%     21.83% |       45591      2.86%     24.69% |       47159      2.95%     27.64% |       47400      2.97%     30.61% |       47606      2.98%     33.59% |       48111      3.01%     36.61% |       46723      2.93%     39.54% |       46880      2.94%     42.47% |       47090      2.95%     45.42% |       47161      2.96%     48.38% |       48367      3.03%     51.41% |       48415      3.03%     54.44% |       49583      3.11%     57.55% |       50180      3.14%     60.69% |       50288      3.15%     63.85% |       52051      3.26%     67.11% |       51932      3.25%     70.36% |       50595      3.17%     73.53% |       50781      3.18%     76.71% |       51720      3.24%     79.95% |       50823      3.18%     83.14% |       51703      3.24%     86.38% |       52959      3.32%     89.70% |       51726      3.24%     92.94% |       58104      3.64%     96.58% |       54602      3.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1595921                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      172912      8.49%      8.49% |       64122      3.15%     11.64% |       58614      2.88%     14.52% |       58334      2.86%     17.38% |       57653      2.83%     20.21% |       56350      2.77%     22.98% |       54879      2.69%     25.68% |       55168      2.71%     28.38% |       58502      2.87%     31.26% |       57594      2.83%     34.08% |       60500      2.97%     37.06% |       60084      2.95%     40.01% |       56740      2.79%     42.79% |       56671      2.78%     45.58% |       56327      2.77%     48.34% |       56747      2.79%     51.13% |       59090      2.90%     54.03% |       58394      2.87%     56.90% |       59772      2.94%     59.83% |       60756      2.98%     62.81% |       60786      2.98%     65.80% |       62975      3.09%     68.89% |       64202      3.15%     72.04% |       60423      2.97%     75.01% |       60802      2.99%     78.00% |       62349      3.06%     81.06% |       60673      2.98%     84.04% |       61294      3.01%     87.05% |       63965      3.14%     90.19% |       61789      3.03%     93.22% |       69900      3.43%     96.66% |       68104      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2036471                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       51098      3.99%      3.99% |       39631      3.10%      7.09% |       39654      3.10%     10.18% |       39646      3.10%     13.28% |       39621      3.10%     16.38% |       39631      3.10%     19.47% |       39636      3.10%     22.57% |       39642      3.10%     25.67% |       39651      3.10%     28.76% |       39649      3.10%     31.86% |       39650      3.10%     34.96% |       39658      3.10%     38.06% |       39630      3.10%     41.15% |       39641      3.10%     44.25% |       39643      3.10%     47.34% |       39629      3.10%     50.44% |       39670      3.10%     53.54% |       39655      3.10%     56.64% |       39661      3.10%     59.73% |       39657      3.10%     62.83% |       39639      3.10%     65.93% |       39666      3.10%     69.03% |       39660      3.10%     72.13% |       39653      3.10%     75.22% |       39659      3.10%     78.32% |       39657      3.10%     81.42% |       39654      3.10%     84.52% |       39644      3.10%     87.61% |       39651      3.10%     90.71% |       39636      3.10%     93.81% |       39644      3.10%     96.90% |       39639      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1280155                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        7387      3.22%      3.22% |        7201      3.13%      6.35% |        7194      3.13%      9.48% |        7152      3.11%     12.60% |        7199      3.13%     15.73% |        7138      3.11%     18.84% |        7157      3.12%     21.95% |        7168      3.12%     25.07% |        7231      3.15%     28.22% |        7169      3.12%     31.34% |        7232      3.15%     34.49% |        7210      3.14%     37.63% |        7276      3.17%     40.80% |        7209      3.14%     43.94% |        7229      3.15%     47.08% |        7138      3.11%     50.19% |        7169      3.12%     53.31% |        7196      3.13%     56.44% |        7214      3.14%     59.58% |        7139      3.11%     62.69% |        7144      3.11%     65.80% |        7131      3.10%     68.91% |        7107      3.09%     72.00% |        7096      3.09%     75.09% |        7193      3.13%     78.22% |        7241      3.15%     81.37% |        7165      3.12%     84.49% |        7090      3.09%     87.58% |        7136      3.11%     90.69% |        7150      3.11%     93.80% |        7108      3.09%     96.89% |        7137      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       229706                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       59601      3.86%      3.86% |       47882      3.10%      6.96% |       47896      3.10%     10.07% |       47846      3.10%     13.17% |       47866      3.10%     16.27% |       47816      3.10%     19.37% |       47841      3.10%     22.47% |       47858      3.10%     25.57% |       47929      3.11%     28.67% |       47866      3.10%     31.77% |       47929      3.11%     34.88% |       47915      3.10%     37.98% |       47954      3.11%     41.09% |       47897      3.10%     44.19% |       47919      3.10%     47.30% |       47814      3.10%     50.40% |       47886      3.10%     53.50% |       47899      3.10%     56.60% |       47922      3.10%     59.71% |       47844      3.10%     62.81% |       47831      3.10%     65.90% |       47846      3.10%     69.00% |       47815      3.10%     72.10% |       47796      3.10%     75.20% |       47899      3.10%     78.30% |       47947      3.11%     81.41% |       47868      3.10%     84.51% |       47781      3.10%     87.61% |       47834      3.10%     90.71% |       47834      3.10%     93.80% |       47801      3.10%     96.90% |       47825      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1543457                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       58577      3.88%      3.88% |       46858      3.10%      6.98% |       46872      3.10%     10.08% |       46822      3.10%     13.18% |       46842      3.10%     16.28% |       46792      3.10%     19.38% |       46817      3.10%     22.48% |       46834      3.10%     25.58% |       46905      3.10%     28.68% |       46842      3.10%     31.78% |       46905      3.10%     34.89% |       46891      3.10%     37.99% |       46930      3.11%     41.10% |       46873      3.10%     44.20% |       46895      3.10%     47.31% |       46790      3.10%     50.40% |       46862      3.10%     53.51% |       46875      3.10%     56.61% |       46898      3.10%     59.71% |       46820      3.10%     62.81% |       46807      3.10%     65.91% |       46822      3.10%     69.01% |       46791      3.10%     72.11% |       46772      3.10%     75.20% |       46875      3.10%     78.31% |       46923      3.11%     81.41% |       46844      3.10%     84.51% |       46757      3.10%     87.61% |       46810      3.10%     90.71% |       46810      3.10%     93.81% |       46777      3.10%     96.90% |       46801      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1510689                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          57     28.79%     28.79% |           1      0.51%     29.29% |           7      3.54%     32.83% |           6      3.03%     35.86% |          24     12.12%     47.98% |          24     12.12%     60.10% |           2      1.01%     61.11% |           4      2.02%     63.13% |           5      2.53%     65.66% |           1      0.51%     66.16% |           4      2.02%     68.18% |           3      1.52%     69.70% |           2      1.01%     70.71% |           0      0.00%     70.71% |           0      0.00%     70.71% |           0      0.00%     70.71% |           2      1.01%     71.72% |           2      1.01%     72.73% |           6      3.03%     75.76% |           3      1.52%     77.27% |           1      0.51%     77.78% |           4      2.02%     79.80% |           3      1.52%     81.31% |           3      1.52%     82.83% |           3      1.52%     84.34% |           4      2.02%     86.36% |           4      2.02%     88.38% |           5      2.53%     90.91% |           5      2.53%     93.43% |           5      2.53%     95.96% |           7      3.54%     99.49% |           1      0.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          198                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          33    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           33                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          33     94.29%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           1      2.86%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           1      2.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         658      3.54%      3.54% |         548      2.94%      6.48% |         534      2.87%      9.35% |         522      2.80%     12.15% |         568      3.05%     15.21% |         532      2.86%     18.06% |         566      3.04%     21.10% |         588      3.16%     24.26% |         623      3.35%     27.61% |         547      2.94%     30.55% |         613      3.29%     33.84% |         625      3.36%     37.20% |         678      3.64%     40.84% |         624      3.35%     44.20% |         641      3.44%     47.64% |         578      3.11%     50.75% |         590      3.17%     53.92% |         626      3.36%     57.28% |         619      3.33%     60.61% |         563      3.02%     63.63% |         560      3.01%     66.64% |         573      3.08%     69.72% |         540      2.90%     72.62% |         528      2.84%     75.46% |         605      3.25%     78.71% |         649      3.49%     82.19% |         590      3.17%     85.36% |         534      2.87%     88.23% |         545      2.93%     91.16% |         563      3.02%     94.19% |         544      2.92%     97.11% |         538      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18612                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          33     94.29%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           1      2.86%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           1      2.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      173185      8.49%      8.49% |       64264      3.15%     11.64% |       58756      2.88%     14.51% |       58465      2.86%     17.38% |       57800      2.83%     20.21% |       56502      2.77%     22.98% |       55007      2.70%     25.68% |       55299      2.71%     28.39% |       58649      2.87%     31.26% |       57719      2.83%     34.09% |       60646      2.97%     37.06% |       60210      2.95%     40.01% |       56862      2.79%     42.80% |       56794      2.78%     45.58% |       56451      2.77%     48.35% |       56867      2.79%     51.13% |       59213      2.90%     54.03% |       58514      2.87%     56.90% |       59894      2.93%     59.84% |       60878      2.98%     62.82% |       60909      2.98%     65.80% |       63096      3.09%     68.90% |       64326      3.15%     72.05% |       60549      2.97%     75.01% |       60926      2.99%     78.00% |       62473      3.06%     81.06% |       60798      2.98%     84.04% |       61418      3.01%     87.05% |       64091      3.14%     90.19% |       61914      3.03%     93.22% |       70027      3.43%     96.66% |       68240      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2040742                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.08%     11.08% |          52      3.13%     14.22% |          48      2.89%     17.11% |          48      2.89%     20.00% |          46      2.77%     22.77% |          46      2.77%     25.54% |          48      2.89%     28.43% |          48      2.89%     31.33% |          48      2.89%     34.22% |          48      2.89%     37.11% |          46      2.77%     39.88% |          46      2.77%     42.65% |          48      2.89%     45.54% |          46      2.77%     48.31% |          46      2.77%     51.08% |          46      2.77%     53.86% |          46      2.77%     56.63% |          48      2.89%     59.52% |          46      2.77%     62.29% |          48      2.89%     65.18% |          48      2.89%     68.07% |          50      3.01%     71.08% |          48      2.89%     73.98% |          46      2.77%     76.75% |          46      2.77%     79.52% |          50      3.01%     82.53% |          50      3.01%     85.54% |          46      2.77%     88.31% |          46      2.77%     91.08% |          48      2.89%     93.98% |          50      3.01%     96.99% |          50      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1660                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         544      3.25%      3.25% |         472      2.82%      6.08% |         467      2.79%      8.87% |         466      2.79%     11.66% |         513      3.07%     14.73% |         468      2.80%     17.53% |         506      3.03%     20.56% |         531      3.18%     23.74% |         550      3.29%     27.03% |         491      2.94%     29.96% |         536      3.21%     33.17% |         568      3.40%     36.57% |         623      3.73%     40.30% |         566      3.39%     43.68% |         583      3.49%     47.17% |         525      3.14%     50.31% |         536      3.21%     53.52% |         574      3.43%     56.96% |         567      3.39%     60.35% |         514      3.08%     63.42% |         508      3.04%     66.46% |         524      3.14%     69.60% |         484      2.90%     72.49% |         471      2.82%     75.31% |         548      3.28%     78.59% |         595      3.56%     82.15% |         535      3.20%     85.35% |         482      2.88%     88.24% |         493      2.95%     91.19% |         512      3.06%     94.25% |         492      2.94%     97.19% |         469      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        16713                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       18665      7.92%      7.92% |        7080      3.00%     10.92% |        7087      3.01%     13.93% |        7033      2.98%     16.91% |        7001      2.97%     19.88% |        6984      2.96%     22.85% |        6996      2.97%     25.81% |        6991      2.97%     28.78% |        7030      2.98%     31.76% |        7031      2.98%     34.75% |        7064      3.00%     37.74% |        6989      2.97%     40.71% |        6992      2.97%     43.67% |        6993      2.97%     46.64% |        6995      2.97%     49.61% |        6959      2.95%     52.56% |        6998      2.97%     55.53% |        6973      2.96%     58.49% |        7006      2.97%     61.46% |        6985      2.96%     64.42% |        6983      2.96%     67.39% |        6968      2.96%     70.34% |        6992      2.97%     73.31% |        6984      2.96%     76.27% |        7004      2.97%     79.24% |        7007      2.97%     82.22% |        6984      2.96%     85.18% |        6962      2.95%     88.13% |        7005      2.97%     91.11% |        6984      2.96%     94.07% |        6958      2.95%     97.02% |        7024      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       235707                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       40392      3.13%      3.13% |       40330      3.12%      6.25% |       40342      3.12%      9.38% |       40347      3.13%     12.50% |       40353      3.13%     15.63% |       40364      3.13%     18.75% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40350      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.25% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40339      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40352      3.13%     56.25% |       40349      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.13%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.13%     81.25% |       40349      3.13%     84.38% |       40337      3.12%     87.50% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40338      3.12%     93.75% |       40351      3.13%     96.88% |       40332      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1291039                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3371      3.05%      3.05% |        3260      2.95%      6.01% |        3068      2.78%      8.79% |        3061      2.77%     11.56% |        3142      2.85%     14.41% |        3606      3.27%     17.68% |        3343      3.03%     20.71% |        2859      2.59%     23.30% |        3120      2.83%     26.13% |        4771      4.32%     30.45% |        3529      3.20%     33.65% |        3350      3.04%     36.68% |        3044      2.76%     39.44% |        3961      3.59%     43.03% |        3377      3.06%     46.09% |        3308      3.00%     49.09% |        3737      3.39%     52.48% |        3735      3.38%     55.86% |        3177      2.88%     58.74% |        2923      2.65%     61.39% |        2670      2.42%     63.81% |        3265      2.96%     66.77% |        3112      2.82%     69.59% |        2969      2.69%     72.28% |        3202      2.90%     75.18% |        3272      2.97%     78.14% |        2823      2.56%     80.70% |        4283      3.88%     84.58% |        3596      3.26%     87.84% |        4723      4.28%     92.12% |        4673      4.23%     96.36% |        4020      3.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110350                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1661     58.65%     58.65% |          21      0.74%     59.39% |           5      0.18%     59.57% |          25      0.88%     60.45% |          12      0.42%     60.88% |         911     32.17%     93.04% |          14      0.49%     93.54% |           8      0.28%     93.82% |           4      0.14%     93.96% |           4      0.14%     94.10% |          14      0.49%     94.60% |           3      0.11%     94.70% |           2      0.07%     94.77% |           2      0.07%     94.84% |          22      0.78%     95.62% |           5      0.18%     95.80% |           2      0.07%     95.87% |           6      0.21%     96.08% |          52      1.84%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |          18      0.64%     98.55% |          10      0.35%     98.91% |           3      0.11%     99.01% |          10      0.35%     99.36% |           5      0.18%     99.54% |           2      0.07%     99.61% |           5      0.18%     99.79% |           1      0.04%     99.82% |           1      0.04%     99.86% |           2      0.07%     99.93% |           2      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2832                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      6.90%      6.90% |           6     20.69%     27.59% |           2      6.90%     34.48% |           2      6.90%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           1      3.45%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           1      3.45%     48.28% |           1      3.45%     51.72% |           0      0.00%     51.72% |           4     13.79%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           5     17.24%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           1      3.45%     86.21% |           2      6.90%     93.10% |           1      3.45%     96.55% |           1      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         577      3.45%      3.45% |         470      2.81%      6.26% |         467      2.79%      9.05% |         466      2.79%     11.84% |         512      3.06%     14.90% |         470      2.81%     17.71% |         508      3.04%     20.75% |         530      3.17%     23.92% |         548      3.28%     27.19% |         488      2.92%     30.11% |         537      3.21%     33.32% |         568      3.40%     36.72% |         623      3.72%     40.44% |         566      3.38%     43.83% |         581      3.47%     47.30% |         523      3.13%     50.43% |         534      3.19%     53.62% |         573      3.43%     57.05% |         568      3.40%     60.44% |         510      3.05%     63.49% |         506      3.03%     66.52% |         523      3.13%     69.64% |         486      2.91%     72.55% |         472      2.82%     75.37% |         549      3.28%     78.65% |         594      3.55%     82.21% |         536      3.20%     85.41% |         480      2.87%     88.28% |         490      2.93%     91.21% |         510      3.05%     94.26% |         490      2.93%     97.19% |         470      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16725                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.81%      5.81% |          10     11.63%     17.44% |           4      4.65%     22.09% |           8      9.30%     31.40% |           2      2.33%     33.72% |           4      4.65%     38.37% |           4      4.65%     43.02% |           1      1.16%     44.19% |           1      1.16%     45.35% |           1      1.16%     46.51% |           3      3.49%     50.00% |           1      1.16%     51.16% |           4      4.65%     55.81% |           0      0.00%     55.81% |           4      4.65%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           1      1.16%     61.63% |          12     13.95%     75.58% |           0      0.00%     75.58% |           1      1.16%     76.74% |           1      1.16%     77.91% |           2      2.33%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           5      5.81%     88.37% |           3      3.49%     91.86% |           2      2.33%     94.19% |           1      1.16%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           1      1.16%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       88082     42.12%     42.12% |        6762      3.23%     45.35% |        4434      2.12%     47.47% |        5260      2.52%     49.99% |        4468      2.14%     52.13% |        3062      1.46%     53.59% |        2708      1.29%     54.89% |        2717      1.30%     56.18% |        4460      2.13%     58.32% |        3288      1.57%     59.89% |        5976      2.86%     62.75% |        5110      2.44%     65.19% |        3147      1.50%     66.70% |        2921      1.40%     68.09% |        2363      1.13%     69.22% |        2747      1.31%     70.54% |        3848      1.84%     72.38% |        3126      1.49%     73.87% |        3301      1.58%     75.45% |        3713      1.78%     77.23% |        3638      1.74%     78.97% |        4077      1.95%     80.91% |        5402      2.58%     83.50% |        2970      1.42%     84.92% |        3141      1.50%     86.42% |        3746      1.79%     88.21% |        2991      1.43%     89.64% |        2753      1.32%     90.96% |        4127      1.97%     92.93% |        3203      1.53%     94.46% |        4964      2.37%     96.84% |        6614      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       209119                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       26008      8.53%      8.53% |       10086      3.31%     11.84% |        6891      2.26%     14.10% |        5819      1.91%     16.01% |        5977      1.96%     17.97% |        6092      2.00%     19.97% |        4963      1.63%     21.60% |        5255      1.72%     23.32% |        6809      2.23%     25.56% |        7055      2.31%     27.87% |        7276      2.39%     30.26% |        7753      2.54%     32.80% |        6380      2.09%     34.90% |        6542      2.15%     37.04% |        6749      2.21%     39.26% |        6831      2.24%     41.50% |        8015      2.63%     44.13% |        8063      2.65%     46.77% |        9229      3.03%     49.80% |        9835      3.23%     53.03% |        9948      3.26%     56.29% |       11697      3.84%     60.13% |       11593      3.80%     63.93% |       10254      3.36%     67.30% |       10433      3.42%     70.72% |       11373      3.73%     74.45% |       10473      3.44%     77.89% |       11365      3.73%     81.62% |       12623      4.14%     85.76% |       11388      3.74%     89.49% |       17753      5.82%     95.32% |       14270      4.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       304798                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       51096      3.99%      3.99% |       39625      3.10%      7.09% |       39648      3.10%     10.18% |       39641      3.10%     13.28% |       39620      3.10%     16.38% |       39626      3.10%     19.47% |       39634      3.10%     22.57% |       39638      3.10%     25.66% |       39649      3.10%     28.76% |       39647      3.10%     31.86% |       39646      3.10%     34.96% |       39657      3.10%     38.05% |       39629      3.10%     41.15% |       39640      3.10%     44.25% |       39641      3.10%     47.34% |       39628      3.10%     50.44% |       39669      3.10%     53.54% |       39654      3.10%     56.64% |       39658      3.10%     59.73% |       39657      3.10%     62.83% |       39639      3.10%     65.93% |       39664      3.10%     69.03% |       39658      3.10%     72.13% |       39651      3.10%     75.22% |       39657      3.10%     78.32% |       39656      3.10%     81.42% |       39651      3.10%     84.52% |       39642      3.10%     87.61% |       39648      3.10%     90.71% |       39634      3.10%     93.81% |       39642      3.10%     96.90% |       39636      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1280081                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        6728      3.19%      3.19% |        6658      3.16%      6.34% |        6659      3.16%      9.50% |        6629      3.14%     12.64% |        6608      3.13%     15.77% |        6588      3.12%     18.89% |        6591      3.12%     22.02% |        6580      3.12%     25.13% |        6605      3.13%     28.26% |        6623      3.14%     31.40% |        6619      3.14%     34.54% |        6583      3.12%     37.66% |        6597      3.13%     40.79% |        6586      3.12%     43.91% |        6590      3.12%     47.03% |        6561      3.11%     50.14% |        6578      3.12%     53.26% |        6569      3.11%     56.37% |        6592      3.12%     59.49% |        6573      3.11%     62.61% |        6583      3.12%     65.73% |        6556      3.11%     68.83% |        6566      3.11%     71.94% |        6567      3.11%     75.06% |        6587      3.12%     78.18% |        6589      3.12%     81.30% |        6574      3.12%     84.42% |        6553      3.11%     87.52% |        6590      3.12%     90.64% |        6584      3.12%     93.76% |        6559      3.11%     96.87% |        6601      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       211026                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          33     94.29%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           1      2.86%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           1      2.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          34    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           34                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      172909      8.49%      8.49% |       64122      3.15%     11.64% |       58614      2.88%     14.52% |       58334      2.86%     17.38% |       57653      2.83%     20.21% |       56350      2.77%     22.98% |       54879      2.69%     25.67% |       55168      2.71%     28.38% |       58502      2.87%     31.26% |       57594      2.83%     34.08% |       60500      2.97%     37.06% |       60084      2.95%     40.01% |       56740      2.79%     42.79% |       56671      2.78%     45.57% |       56327      2.77%     48.34% |       56747      2.79%     51.13% |       59090      2.90%     54.03% |       58394      2.87%     56.90% |       59772      2.94%     59.83% |       60756      2.98%     62.81% |       60786      2.98%     65.80% |       62975      3.09%     68.89% |       64202      3.15%     72.04% |       60423      2.97%     75.01% |       60802      2.99%     78.00% |       62349      3.06%     81.06% |       60673      2.98%     84.04% |       61294      3.01%     87.05% |       63965      3.14%     90.19% |       61789      3.03%     93.22% |       69900      3.43%     96.66% |       68104      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2036468                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           2      3.33%      3.33% |           2      3.33%      6.67% |           5      8.33%     15.00% |           4      6.67%     21.67% |           1      1.67%     23.33% |           3      5.00%     28.33% |           2      3.33%     31.67% |           4      6.67%     38.33% |           2      3.33%     41.67% |           1      1.67%     43.33% |           3      5.00%     48.33% |           1      1.67%     50.00% |           1      1.67%     51.67% |           1      1.67%     53.33% |           1      1.67%     55.00% |           1      1.67%     56.67% |           1      1.67%     58.33% |           1      1.67%     60.00% |           2      3.33%     63.33% |           0      0.00%     63.33% |           0      0.00%     63.33% |           2      3.33%     66.67% |           2      3.33%     70.00% |           2      3.33%     73.33% |           1      1.67%     75.00% |           1      1.67%     76.67% |           3      5.00%     81.67% |           2      3.33%     85.00% |           2      3.33%     88.33% |           2      3.33%     91.67% |           2      3.33%     95.00% |           3      5.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           60                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          82      4.19%      4.19% |          73      3.73%      7.93% |          68      3.48%     11.41% |          57      2.92%     14.32% |          79      4.04%     18.36% |          80      4.09%     22.46% |          58      2.97%     25.42% |          58      2.97%     28.39% |          78      3.99%     32.38% |          58      2.97%     35.35% |          76      3.89%     39.23% |          59      3.02%     42.25% |          56      2.86%     45.12% |          57      2.92%     48.03% |          58      2.97%     51.00% |          54      2.76%     53.76% |          57      2.92%     56.68% |          54      2.76%     59.44% |          54      2.76%     62.20% |          56      2.86%     65.06% |          55      2.81%     67.88% |          52      2.66%     70.54% |          55      2.81%     73.35% |          57      2.92%     76.27% |          57      2.92%     79.18% |          58      2.97%     82.15% |          55      2.81%     84.96% |          57      2.92%     87.88% |          56      2.86%     90.74% |          56      2.86%     93.61% |          59      3.02%     96.62% |          66      3.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1955                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11     32.35%     32.35% |           0      0.00%     32.35% |           0      0.00%     32.35% |           0      0.00%     32.35% |           9     26.47%     58.82% |           0      0.00%     58.82% |           0      0.00%     58.82% |           0      0.00%     58.82% |           0      0.00%     58.82% |           0      0.00%     58.82% |           0      0.00%     58.82% |           0      0.00%     58.82% |           0      0.00%     58.82% |           0      0.00%     58.82% |           0      0.00%     58.82% |           0      0.00%     58.82% |           0      0.00%     58.82% |           0      0.00%     58.82% |           0      0.00%     58.82% |           0      0.00%     58.82% |           0      0.00%     58.82% |          13     38.24%     97.06% |           1      2.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           34                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           3     60.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       58577      3.88%      3.88% |       46858      3.10%      6.98% |       46872      3.10%     10.08% |       46822      3.10%     13.18% |       46842      3.10%     16.28% |       46792      3.10%     19.38% |       46817      3.10%     22.48% |       46834      3.10%     25.58% |       46905      3.10%     28.68% |       46842      3.10%     31.78% |       46905      3.10%     34.89% |       46891      3.10%     37.99% |       46930      3.11%     41.10% |       46873      3.10%     44.20% |       46895      3.10%     47.31% |       46790      3.10%     50.40% |       46862      3.10%     53.51% |       46875      3.10%     56.61% |       46898      3.10%     59.71% |       46820      3.10%     62.81% |       46807      3.10%     65.91% |       46822      3.10%     69.01% |       46791      3.10%     72.11% |       46772      3.10%     75.20% |       46875      3.10%     78.31% |       46923      3.11%     81.41% |       46844      3.10%     84.51% |       46757      3.10%     87.61% |       46810      3.10%     90.71% |       46810      3.10%     93.81% |       46777      3.10%     96.90% |       46801      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1510689                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          53     67.95%     67.95% |           0      0.00%     67.95% |           2      2.56%     70.51% |           1      1.28%     71.79% |           1      1.28%     73.08% |           1      1.28%     74.36% |           1      1.28%     75.64% |           1      1.28%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           1      1.28%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           1      1.28%     79.49% |           0      0.00%     79.49% |           0      0.00%     79.49% |           2      2.56%     82.05% |           1      1.28%     83.33% |           1      1.28%     84.62% |           1      1.28%     85.90% |           1      1.28%     87.18% |           2      2.56%     89.74% |           2      2.56%     92.31% |           2      2.56%     94.87% |           2      2.56%     97.44% |           2      2.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      8.33%      8.33% |           2      5.56%     13.89% |           3      8.33%     22.22% |           3      8.33%     30.56% |           0      0.00%     30.56% |           2      5.56%     36.11% |           1      2.78%     38.89% |           3      8.33%     47.22% |           2      5.56%     52.78% |           1      2.78%     55.56% |           2      5.56%     61.11% |           1      2.78%     63.89% |           1      2.78%     66.67% |           1      2.78%     69.44% |           1      2.78%     72.22% |           1      2.78%     75.00% |           1      2.78%     77.78% |           1      2.78%     80.56% |           1      2.78%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      2.78%     86.11% |           1      2.78%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      2.78%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           3      8.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           36                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     40.00%     40.00% |           6     60.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           4      3.39%      3.39% |           1      0.85%      4.24% |           5      4.24%      8.47% |           5      4.24%     12.71% |          23     19.49%     32.20% |          22     18.64%     50.85% |           1      0.85%     51.69% |           3      2.54%     54.24% |           5      4.24%     58.47% |           1      0.85%     59.32% |           3      2.54%     61.86% |           3      2.54%     64.41% |           2      1.69%     66.10% |           0      0.00%     66.10% |           0      0.00%     66.10% |           0      0.00%     66.10% |           2      1.69%     67.80% |           2      1.69%     69.49% |           5      4.24%     73.73% |           3      2.54%     76.27% |           1      0.85%     77.12% |           2      1.69%     78.81% |           2      1.69%     80.51% |           2      1.69%     82.20% |           2      1.69%     83.90% |           3      2.54%     86.44% |           2      1.69%     88.14% |           3      2.54%     90.68% |           2      1.69%     92.37% |           3      2.54%     94.92% |           5      4.24%     99.15% |           1      0.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          118                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          78      4.25%      4.25% |          72      3.92%      8.17% |          63      3.43%     11.59% |          52      2.83%     14.43% |          56      3.05%     17.47% |          58      3.16%     20.63% |          57      3.10%     23.73% |          55      2.99%     26.73% |          73      3.97%     30.70% |          57      3.10%     33.81% |          73      3.97%     37.78% |          56      3.05%     40.83% |          54      2.94%     43.77% |          57      3.10%     46.87% |          58      3.16%     50.03% |          54      2.94%     52.97% |          55      2.99%     55.96% |          52      2.83%     58.79% |          49      2.67%     61.46% |          53      2.89%     64.34% |          54      2.94%     67.28% |          50      2.72%     70.01% |          53      2.89%     72.89% |          55      2.99%     75.88% |          55      2.99%     78.88% |          55      2.99%     81.87% |          53      2.89%     84.76% |          54      2.94%     87.70% |          54      2.94%     90.64% |          53      2.89%     93.52% |          54      2.94%     96.46% |          65      3.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1837                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          33    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           33                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         577      3.45%      3.45% |         470      2.81%      6.26% |         467      2.79%      9.05% |         466      2.79%     11.84% |         512      3.06%     14.90% |         470      2.81%     17.71% |         508      3.04%     20.75% |         530      3.17%     23.92% |         548      3.28%     27.19% |         488      2.92%     30.11% |         537      3.21%     33.32% |         568      3.40%     36.72% |         623      3.72%     40.44% |         566      3.38%     43.83% |         581      3.47%     47.30% |         523      3.13%     50.43% |         534      3.19%     53.62% |         573      3.43%     57.05% |         568      3.40%     60.44% |         510      3.05%     63.49% |         506      3.03%     66.52% |         523      3.13%     69.64% |         486      2.91%     72.55% |         472      2.82%     75.37% |         549      3.28%     78.65% |         594      3.55%     82.21% |         536      3.20%     85.41% |         480      2.87%     88.28% |         490      2.93%     91.21% |         510      3.05%     94.26% |         490      2.93%     97.19% |         470      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16725                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       18665      7.92%      7.92% |        7080      3.00%     10.92% |        7087      3.01%     13.93% |        7033      2.98%     16.91% |        7001      2.97%     19.88% |        6984      2.96%     22.85% |        6996      2.97%     25.81% |        6991      2.97%     28.78% |        7030      2.98%     31.76% |        7031      2.98%     34.75% |        7064      3.00%     37.74% |        6989      2.97%     40.71% |        6992      2.97%     43.67% |        6993      2.97%     46.64% |        6995      2.97%     49.61% |        6959      2.95%     52.56% |        6998      2.97%     55.53% |        6973      2.96%     58.49% |        7006      2.97%     61.46% |        6985      2.96%     64.42% |        6983      2.96%     67.39% |        6968      2.96%     70.34% |        6992      2.97%     73.31% |        6984      2.96%     76.27% |        7004      2.97%     79.24% |        7007      2.97%     82.22% |        6984      2.96%     85.18% |        6962      2.95%     88.13% |        7005      2.97%     91.11% |        6984      2.96%     94.07% |        6958      2.95%     97.02% |        7024      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       235707                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         544      3.26%      3.26% |         472      2.82%      6.08% |         467      2.79%      8.87% |         466      2.79%     11.66% |         512      3.06%     14.73% |         468      2.80%     17.53% |         506      3.03%     20.56% |         531      3.18%     23.73% |         549      3.29%     27.02% |         491      2.94%     29.96% |         536      3.21%     33.16% |         568      3.40%     36.56% |         623      3.73%     40.29% |         566      3.39%     43.68% |         583      3.49%     47.17% |         525      3.14%     50.31% |         536      3.21%     53.52% |         574      3.43%     56.95% |         567      3.39%     60.34% |         514      3.08%     63.42% |         508      3.04%     66.46% |         524      3.14%     69.59% |         484      2.90%     72.49% |         471      2.82%     75.31% |         548      3.28%     78.59% |         595      3.56%     82.15% |         535      3.20%     85.35% |         482      2.88%     88.24% |         493      2.95%     91.19% |         512      3.06%     94.25% |         492      2.94%     97.19% |         469      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        16711                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       40392      3.13%      3.13% |       40330      3.12%      6.25% |       40342      3.12%      9.38% |       40347      3.13%     12.50% |       40353      3.13%     15.63% |       40364      3.13%     18.75% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40350      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.25% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40339      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40352      3.13%     56.25% |       40349      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.13%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.13%     81.25% |       40349      3.13%     84.38% |       40337      3.12%     87.50% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40338      3.12%     93.75% |       40351      3.13%     96.88% |       40332      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1291039                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           4      8.89%      8.89% |           6     13.33%     22.22% |           2      4.44%     26.67% |           6     13.33%     40.00% |           1      2.22%     42.22% |           0      0.00%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      2.22%     46.67% |           1      2.22%     48.89% |           0      0.00%     48.89% |           4      8.89%     57.78% |           0      0.00%     57.78% |           3      6.67%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           9     20.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           2      4.44%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           1      2.22%     95.56% |           0      0.00%     95.56% |           1      2.22%     97.78% |           1      2.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      173181      8.49%      8.49% |       64258      3.15%     11.64% |       58754      2.88%     14.51% |       58459      2.86%     17.38% |       57799      2.83%     20.21% |       56502      2.77%     22.98% |       55006      2.70%     25.68% |       55299      2.71%     28.39% |       58649      2.87%     31.26% |       57718      2.83%     34.09% |       60645      2.97%     37.06% |       60210      2.95%     40.01% |       56858      2.79%     42.80% |       56794      2.78%     45.58% |       56448      2.77%     48.35% |       56867      2.79%     51.13% |       59213      2.90%     54.03% |       58514      2.87%     56.90% |       59885      2.93%     59.84% |       60878      2.98%     62.82% |       60909      2.98%     65.80% |       63096      3.09%     68.90% |       64326      3.15%     72.05% |       60549      2.97%     75.01% |       60925      2.99%     78.00% |       62471      3.06%     81.06% |       60797      2.98%     84.04% |       61417      3.01%     87.05% |       64091      3.14%     90.19% |       61913      3.03%     93.22% |       70026      3.43%     96.66% |       68240      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2040697                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          33    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           33                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          33     94.29%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           1      2.86%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           1      2.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           35                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      118804     21.32%     21.32% |      278643     50.00%     71.32% |       39178      7.03%     78.35% |       41006      7.36%     85.71% |       38502      6.91%     92.62% |       41153      7.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       557286                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      118804     21.32%     21.32% |      278643     50.00%     71.32% |       39178      7.03%     78.35% |       41006      7.36%     85.71% |       38502      6.91%     92.62% |       41153      7.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       557286                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      118804     21.32%     21.32% |      278643     50.00%     71.32% |       39178      7.03%     78.35% |       41006      7.36%     85.71% |       38502      6.91%     92.62% |       41153      7.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       557286                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      118804     21.32%     21.32% |      278643     50.00%     71.32% |       39178      7.03%     78.35% |       41006      7.36%     85.71% |       38502      6.91%     92.62% |       41153      7.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       557286                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
