
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.038639                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 38639278500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5214807357000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  48395                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    85349                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              104279497                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3232480                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   370.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    17932101                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      31624789                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4688704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4688704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2862208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2862208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        73261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              73261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        44722                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             44722                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    121345537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            121345537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     74075089                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            74075089                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    195420626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           195420626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      73261                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     44722                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    73261                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   44722                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4687872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                2862144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4688704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             2862208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             4726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             4523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             4505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             4793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             2818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             2810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             2793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             2882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             2801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             2939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             2769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             2846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             2739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             2919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            2766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            2698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            2633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            2670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            2877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            2761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    15071                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     2862                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  38638766000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                73261                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               44722                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  43234                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1303                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                    611                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    286                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    374                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    441                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    452                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                    499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                   519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                   508                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                   510                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   439                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   378                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   346                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   346                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   350                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   376                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   386                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   474                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   518                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   688                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 16041                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                   7430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                   7608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                   7718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                   7705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                   7773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   1343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   4092                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        32361                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   233.270418                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   157.415124                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   232.623487                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        12665     39.14%     39.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7108     21.96%     61.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7977     24.65%     85.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1081      3.34%     89.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          850      2.63%     91.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          653      2.02%     93.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          493      1.52%     95.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          457      1.41%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1077      3.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        32361                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.551976                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    47.338408                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7660     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.08%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         7667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.832920                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.517835                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.595702                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           6946     90.60%     90.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           233      3.04%     93.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          164      2.14%     95.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          324      4.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         7667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  6819537572                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             8192937572                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 366240000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    93102.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              111852.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      121.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       74.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   121.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    74.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.19                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   56401                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  29197                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                77.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    327494.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   72.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10429659250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1290120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    26916212250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              126781200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              117830160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0               69176250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1               64292250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             289933800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             281244600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            146797920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            142961760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         2523474720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         2523474720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        14065278390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        13706316900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        10843430250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        11158308750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          28064872530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          27994429140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          726.398236                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          724.574962                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4564160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4564160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2746624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        2746624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        71315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              71315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        42916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             42916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    118122288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            118122288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     71083729                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            71083729                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    189206017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           189206017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      71315                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     42916                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    71315                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   42916                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4563200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                2746560                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4564160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             2746624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             4631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             4671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             2710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             2714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             2691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             2773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             2699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             2832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             2643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             2732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             2629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             2805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            2661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            2586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            2527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            2553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            2708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            2652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                     8458                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     2294                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  38638514000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                71315                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               42916                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  42382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    585                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                    309                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                    397                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    480                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                    532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                    569                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                    647                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                    692                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                   733                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                   750                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                   799                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                   806                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                   803                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   790                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                   756                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   761                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   674                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   672                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   664                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   601                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   642                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   626                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   658                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   795                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                  9388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                   7153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                   7348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                   7435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                   7539                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                   7615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   1151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   1276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   3399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        28711                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   254.571140                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   175.882336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   236.815299                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9354     32.58%     32.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6539     22.78%     55.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8045     28.02%     83.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1261      4.39%     87.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          899      3.13%     90.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          617      2.15%     93.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          527      1.84%     94.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          474      1.65%     96.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          995      3.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        28711                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7387                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.649249                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.564308                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7379     99.89%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.08%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         7387                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7387                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.809530                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.504504                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.544886                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           6675     90.36%     90.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           263      3.56%     93.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          148      2.00%     95.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          301      4.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         7387                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  5720730229                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             7057605229                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 356500000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    80234.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               98984.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      118.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       71.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   118.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    71.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.16                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   55866                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  29634                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               69.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    338248.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   74.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10617688000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1290120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    26727838250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              113203440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              103844160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0               61767750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1               56661000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             282742200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             273265200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            141225120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            136864080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         2523474720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         2523474720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        13933687905                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        13271170635                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        10958846250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        11540001750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          28014947385                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          27905281545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          725.106477                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          722.268014                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4566656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4566656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2748160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        2748160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        71354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              71354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        42940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             42940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    118186886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            118186886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     71123481                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            71123481                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    189310367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           189310367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      71354                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     42940                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    71354                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   42940                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4565696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                2747904                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4566656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             2748160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             4626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             4419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             4653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             2703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             2712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             2688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             2789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             2697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             2820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             2646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             2734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             2629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             2811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            2656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            2599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            2535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            2548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            2715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            2654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     7698                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     2422                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  38638753500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                71354                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               42940                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  42435                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                    343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                    395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    454                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                    524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                    583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                    641                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                    730                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                   801                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                   835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                   907                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                   862                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                   863                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                   855                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                   843                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                   821                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                   758                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   746                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   723                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   727                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   728                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   688                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   652                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   614                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   598                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   614                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  8583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                   7135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                   7311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                   7427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                   7515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                   7609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   1142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   1299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   3502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        28773                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   254.167171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   175.605876                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   235.750930                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9491     32.99%     32.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6403     22.25%     55.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8127     28.25%     83.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1197      4.16%     87.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          939      3.26%     90.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          686      2.38%     93.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          508      1.77%     95.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          427      1.48%     96.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          995      3.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        28773                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7381                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.659802                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.687979                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7376     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.04%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         7381                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7381                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.817098                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.507424                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.563425                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           6665     90.30%     90.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           256      3.47%     93.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          158      2.14%     95.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          302      4.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         7381                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  5671836352                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             7009442602                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 356695000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    79505.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               98255.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      118.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       71.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   118.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    71.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.16                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   55839                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  29660                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               69.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    338064.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   74.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10523111000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1290120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    26822619000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              113173200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              104335560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0               61751250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1               56929125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             283132200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             273218400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            141192720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            137032560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         2523474720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         2523474720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        13979221785                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        13335996735                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        10918920750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        11483153250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          28020866625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          27914140350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          725.259168                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          722.496791                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4548544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4548544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2743616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        2743616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        71071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              71071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        42869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             42869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    117718140                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            117718140                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     71005881                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            71005881                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    188724021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           188724021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      71072                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     42869                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    71072                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   42869                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4548160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                2743424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4548608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             2743616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             4595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             4417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             4633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             2708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             2700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             2689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             2773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             2690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             2816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             2639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             2726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             2625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             2804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            2651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            2605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            2530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            2555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            2707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            2648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    11159                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     2742                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  38638536000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                71072                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               42869                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  42198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    601                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                    328                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                    341                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                    478                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                    527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                    557                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                    566                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                   579                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                   572                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                   581                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                   570                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                   634                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                   617                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                   595                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                   650                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   631                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   628                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   626                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   572                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   511                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   574                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   607                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   606                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   573                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   656                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   712                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 11947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                   7137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                   7292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                   7400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                   7456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                   7499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   1076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   1242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   3767                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        28321                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   257.437237                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   177.858913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   238.031465                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9135     32.26%     32.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6436     22.73%     54.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7944     28.05%     83.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1204      4.25%     87.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          952      3.36%     90.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          645      2.28%     92.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          565      1.99%     94.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          464      1.64%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          976      3.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        28321                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7386                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.617790                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    39.673082                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7380     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.05%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         7386                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7386                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.803683                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.502674                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.526537                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           6673     90.35%     90.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           280      3.79%     94.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          133      1.80%     95.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          300      4.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         7386                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  5963413771                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             7295882521                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 355325000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    83914.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              102664.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      117.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       71.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   117.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    71.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   55786                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  29819                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                78.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               69.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    339110.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   75.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10541955250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1290120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    26803604250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              111336120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              102763080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0               60748875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1               56071125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             281463000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             272711400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            140881680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            136890000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         2523474720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         2523474720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        13797344475                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        13196748015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        11078466000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        11605305000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          27993714870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          27893963340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          724.556287                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          721.974436                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1347                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1347                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4914                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               192500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              432148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                3500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              107148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1825500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          374                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1531904                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          374                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                3288372                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 28.287329                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                24.369544                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                17.512345                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     3288232    100.00%    100.00% |         137      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  3288372                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     11828187                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.969539                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.709598                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.236378                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |     4853493     41.03%     41.03% |     6011789     50.83%     91.86% |      808582      6.84%     98.70% |       87401      0.74%     99.43% |       25234      0.21%     99.65% |       16868      0.14%     99.79% |       13857      0.12%     99.91% |        9017      0.08%     99.98% |        1536      0.01%    100.00% |         410      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      11828187                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            11828184                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              16.798045                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.667712                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            129.264851                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    11797243     99.74%     99.74% |       20830      0.18%     99.91% |        4330      0.04%     99.95% |        3593      0.03%     99.98% |        1776      0.02%    100.00% |         347      0.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              11828184                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        11206222                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000452                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000390                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.021257                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    11201159     99.95%     99.95% |        5062      0.05%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          11206222                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples         621962                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        265.396658                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       136.722617                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       502.534243                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      591021     95.03%     95.03% |       20830      3.35%     98.37% |        4330      0.70%     99.07% |        3593      0.58%     99.65% |        1776      0.29%     99.93% |         347      0.06%     99.99% |          45      0.01%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total           621962                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     1572864                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     262144                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses          64352                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses        64352                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          205                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          108                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          125                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          137                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits      7823801                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       378833                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      8202634                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3334064                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       121201                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3455265                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       108018                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        18760                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        55080                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1407938                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        43355                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           10                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           10                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1509                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses         3808                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         5317                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles          359                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1656                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4165                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         5821                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles          412                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1410                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses         3570                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         4980                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles          297                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1607                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4046                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         5653                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles          377                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1557                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses         3927                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         5484                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles          382                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1755                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4403                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6158                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles          428                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1593                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4061                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         5654                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles          406                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1541                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses         3944                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         5485                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles          375                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1509                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses         3808                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         5317                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles          361                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1509                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses         3808                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         5317                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles          364                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1542                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses         3942                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         5484                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles          383                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1706                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4284                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         5990                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles          418                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1607                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4046                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         5653                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles          385                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1755                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4403                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         6158                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles          443                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1607                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4046                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         5653                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles          408                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1558                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses         3927                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         5485                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles          380                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1657                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4165                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         5822                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.fully_busy_cycles          422                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1558                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses         3927                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         5485                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.fully_busy_cycles          379                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1609                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4046                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         5655                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.fully_busy_cycles          399                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1707                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4284                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         5991                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.fully_busy_cycles          417                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1707                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4284                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         5991                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.fully_busy_cycles          434                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1657                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4165                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         5822                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.fully_busy_cycles          424                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1559                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses         3927                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         5486                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.fully_busy_cycles          403                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1559                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses         3927                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         5486                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.fully_busy_cycles          375                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1707                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4284                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         5991                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.fully_busy_cycles          425                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1639                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4182                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         5821                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.fully_busy_cycles          409                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1705                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4284                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         5989                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.fully_busy_cycles          422                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1657                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4165                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         5822                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.fully_busy_cycles          397                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1608                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4046                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         5654                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.fully_busy_cycles          403                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1607                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4046                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         5653                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.fully_busy_cycles          395                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        52876                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        14376                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        67252                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10308                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses         8926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        19234                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        10376                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses         8960                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        19336                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10577                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses         8918                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        19495                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         8672                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses         8917                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        17589                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         8530                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses         8922                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        17452                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         6892                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses         8918                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        15810                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         7258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses         8890                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        16148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits         8648                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        12485                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        21133                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         7979                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses         8903                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        16882                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         7947                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses         8919                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        16866                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         8638                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses         8877                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        17515                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         7181                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses         8975                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        16156                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         9011                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses         8889                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        17900                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        10596                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses         8892                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        19488                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         8259                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses         8894                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        17153                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8199                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses         8866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        17065                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits         8466                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses         8926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        17392                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         8059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses         8954                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        17013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         7441                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses         8934                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        16375                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         8671                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses         8866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        17537                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        10561                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses         8907                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        19468                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        10200                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses         8880                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        19080                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9331                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses         8924                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        18255                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12449                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses         8855                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        21304                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        13957                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses         8844                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        22801                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         7911                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses         8913                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        16824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         8158                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses         8891                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        17049                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         7054                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses         8902                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        15956                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses         8888                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        16146                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         7642                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses         8907                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        16549                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits         8792                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses         8949                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        17741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          809                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      5760021                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      5760021                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5845310                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5760021                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2479408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2476725                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      5760021                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.074536                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      2019106                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      2019106                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2058503                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2019106                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1068633                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1054382                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      2019106                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.026128                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      1410657                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      1410657                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1435434                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1410657                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity       529131                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity       526429                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      1410657                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.018254                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      1092721                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      1092721                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1114981                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1092721                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity       438006                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity       435905                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      1092721                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.014140                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      1592731                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      1592731                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1614618                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1592731                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity       790677                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity       787607                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      1592731                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.020610                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      1667395                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      1667395                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1700241                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1667395                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity       836795                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity       831987                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      1667395                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.021576                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      2121456                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      2121456                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2158851                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2121456                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity       763356                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity       760020                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      2121456                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.027452                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      1169809                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      1169809                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1198606                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1169809                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity       488980                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity       483881                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      1169809                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.015138                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads       690052                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes       690052                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity       701560                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity       690052                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       303827                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       300000                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity       690052                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.008929                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      1005456                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      1005456                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1018022                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1005456                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity       499510                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity       495716                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      1005456                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.013011                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads       778784                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes       778784                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity       793196                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity       778784                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       339812                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       336656                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity       778784                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.010078                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads       729002                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes       729002                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity       740915                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity       729002                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       295677                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       292634                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity       729002                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.009433                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1091576                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1091576                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1107091                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1091576                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       526656                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       523020                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1091576                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.014125                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads       807455                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes       807455                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity       824201                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity       807455                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       340929                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       336783                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity       807455                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.010449                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       485467                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       485467                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       494886                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       485467                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       213312                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       209759                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       485467                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.006282                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads       706965                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes       706965                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity       723672                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity       706965                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       311239                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       306525                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity       706965                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.009148                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      1112464                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      1112464                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1138180                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1112464                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       439958                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       436292                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      1112464                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.014396                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads       787739                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes       787739                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity       804887                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity       787739                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       338469                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       336047                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity       787739                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.010194                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads       759846                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes       759846                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity       778305                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity       759846                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       332846                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       328938                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity       759846                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.009833                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       505618                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       505618                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       514220                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       505618                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       221634                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       218170                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       505618                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006543                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       438937                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       438937                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       443057                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       438937                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       215100                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       213161                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       438937                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005680                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       602780                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       602780                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       608463                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       602780                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       299667                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       297320                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       602780                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007800                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       497714                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       497714                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       504865                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       497714                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       231953                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       229366                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       497714                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006441                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       331580                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       331580                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       334449                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       331580                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       148459                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       146200                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       331580                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004291                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       383265                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       383265                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       386961                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       383265                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       163458                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       161537                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       383265                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.004960                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       551497                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       551497                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       557344                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       551497                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       268804                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       266453                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       551497                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007136                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       474721                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       474721                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       482012                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       474721                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       215646                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       213005                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       474721                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006143                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       330116                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       330116                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       333019                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       330116                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       146866                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       144756                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       330116                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004272                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      1426138                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      1426138                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1500291                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1426138                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity       591094                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity       585506                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      1426138                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.018455                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      1455940                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      1455940                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1524054                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1455940                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity       596652                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity       590500                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      1455940                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.018840                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      1503795                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      1503795                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1581965                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1503795                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity       624870                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity       619571                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      1503795                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.019459                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      1566161                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      1566161                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1649553                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1566161                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity       659677                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity       652317                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      1566161                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.020266                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     2586892     27.72%     27.72% |     6209238     66.54%     94.26% |      535914      5.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total      9332044                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     2586892     27.72%     27.72% |     6209238     66.54%     94.26% |      535914      5.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total      9332044                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |    77369916                       |   152788308                       |    11867745                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |     9790373                       |    32669736                       |      536200                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   29.908445                       |   24.606612                       |   22.144868                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    3.784608                       |    5.261473                       |    1.000534                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    25.934937                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     4.607384                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         30.542320                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.001899                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.041115      7.03%      7.03% |    0.040484      6.92%     13.95% |    0.041011      7.01%     20.97% |    0.040419      6.91%     27.88% |    0.096196     16.45%     44.33% |    0.097581     16.69%     61.02% |    0.096097     16.43%     77.45% |    0.097440     16.66%     94.12% |    0.008598      1.47%     95.59% |    0.008606      1.47%     97.06% |    0.008605      1.47%     98.53% |    0.008604      1.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.584755                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.014500                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.028983                       |    0.000000                       |    0.000190                       |    0.000209                       |    0.000180                       |    0.000204                       |    0.000197                       |    0.000220                       |    0.000202                       |    0.000197                       |    0.000190                       |    0.000191                       |    0.000196                       |    0.000214                       |    0.000202                       |    0.000221                       |    0.000202                       |    0.000196                       |    0.000209                       |    0.000196                       |    0.000203                       |    0.000214                       |    0.000215                       |    0.000207                       |    0.000201                       |    0.000195                       |    0.000213                       |    0.000208                       |    0.000214                       |    0.000208                       |    0.000205                       |    0.000201                       |    0.005567                       |    0.001902                       |    0.001669                       |    0.001829                       |    0.001717                       |    0.001723                       |    0.001647                       |    0.001667                       |    0.001697                       |    0.001771                       |    0.001910                       |    0.001922                       |    0.001777                       |    0.001757                       |    0.001635                       |    0.001662                       |    0.001839                       |    0.001715                       |    0.001720                       |    0.001773                       |    0.001807                       |    0.001923                       |    0.001744                       |    0.001737                       |    0.001762                       |    0.001733                       |    0.001689                       |    0.001758                       |    0.001917                       |    0.001870                       |    0.002044                       |    0.002168                       |    0.005666                       |    0.005511                       |    0.005514                       |    0.005492                       |    0.000311                       |           0                       |    0.000221                       |    0.001067                       |    0.000028                       |    0.000029                       |    0.000026                       |    0.000029                       |    0.000027                       |    0.000030                       |    0.000028                       |    0.000028                       |    0.000027                       |    0.000027                       |    0.000027                       |    0.000029                       |    0.000028                       |    0.000030                       |    0.000028                       |    0.000028                       |    0.000028                       |    0.000028                       |    0.000028                       |    0.000030                       |    0.000029                       |    0.000028                       |    0.000026                       |    0.000027                       |    0.000029                       |    0.000028                       |    0.000029                       |    0.000029                       |    0.000027                       |    0.000029                       |    0.000309                       |    0.001720                       |    0.000315                       |           0                       |    0.000028                       |    0.002279                       |    0.001029                       |    0.000310                       |    0.001597                       |    0.000028                       |    0.001911                       |    0.004040                       |    0.001044                       |    0.000328                       |    0.001815                       |    0.003882                       |    0.000029                       |    0.003592                       |    0.007235                       |    0.001574                       |    0.000291                       |    0.001571                       |    0.000028                       |    0.003241                       |    0.002537                       |    0.010586                       |    0.000318                       |    0.001714                       |    0.000029                       |    0.007362                       |    0.002851                       |    0.001866                       |    0.000318                       |    0.001708                       |    0.003737                       |    0.000029                       |    0.007599                       |    0.003423                       |    0.002026                       |    0.000291                       |    0.001728                       |    0.000027                       |    0.003905                       |    0.001768                       |    0.001715                       |    0.000303                       |    0.001666                       |    0.000026                       |    0.001940                       |    0.001024                       |    0.000327                       |    0.001799                       |    0.000030                       |    0.001420                       |    0.002096                       |    0.002127                       |    0.000301                       |    0.001589                       |    0.000028                       |    0.001133                       |    0.003938                       |    0.003927                       |    0.002095                       |    0.000274                       |    0.001607                       |    0.000026                       |    0.003347                       |    0.007408                       |    0.005109                       |    0.002839                       |    0.037404                       |    0.004638                       |    0.000221                       |    0.001771                       |    0.012277                       |    0.015376                       |    0.002848                       |    0.000001                       |    0.001767                       |    0.001067                       |    0.001937                       |    0.006188                       |    0.012469                       |    0.002699                       |    0.000311                       |    0.001588                       |    0.000029                       |    0.004467                       |    0.004475                       |    0.007367                       |    0.003341                       |    0.000301                       |    0.001637                       |    0.000027                       |    0.001931                       |    0.003725                       |    0.003695                       |    0.002810                       |    0.000300                       |    0.001631                       |    0.000027                       |    0.001202                       |    0.001902                       |    0.002075                       |    0.000327                       |    0.001649                       |    0.000029                       |    0.000666                       |    0.001918                       |    0.001851                       |    0.000291                       |    0.001738                       |    0.000027                       |    0.000468                       |    0.001923                       |    0.003880                       |    0.001751                       |    0.000311                       |    0.001891                       |    0.003739                       |    0.000027                       |    0.000909                       |    0.003592                       |    0.007206                       |    0.001784                       |    0.000301                       |    0.001541                       |    0.000027                       |    0.017881                       |    0.003245                       |    0.002378                       |    0.002078                       |    0.000337                       |    0.001590                       |    0.000030                       |    0.001442                       |    0.007264                       |    0.002693                       |    0.001781                       |    0.000309                       |    0.001910                       |    0.003728                       |    0.000029                       |    0.001400                       |    0.007657                       |    0.003413                       |    0.001821                       |    0.000328                       |    0.001626                       |    0.000029                       |    0.001142                       |    0.003688                       |    0.001768                       |    0.001868                       |    0.000327                       |    0.001615                       |    0.000029                       |    0.000462                       |    0.001874                       |    0.001836                       |    0.000318                       |    0.001644                       |    0.000028                       |    0.000403                       |    0.001898                       |    0.000309                       |    0.001532                       |    0.000028                       |    0.000345                       |    0.000468                       |    0.003599                       |    0.000337                       |    0.001550                       |    0.000030                       |    0.001705                       |    0.000769                       |    0.004758                       |    0.000309                       |    0.001950                       |    0.000028                       |    0.008263                       |    0.001853                       |    0.001993                       |    0.000300                       |    0.001579                       |    0.000028                       |    0.000487                       |    0.005491                       |    0.002309                       |    0.000320                       |    0.001605                       |    0.000028                       |    0.002656                       |    0.004481                       |    0.000743                       |    0.000300                       |    0.001676                       |    0.000028                       |    0.000351                       |    0.003746                       |    0.000441                       |    0.000320                       |    0.001620                       |    0.000028                       |    0.000370                       |    0.001934                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.584755                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         4048785                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      4048785                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       256119                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      2647966                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         2091920                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     79.001014                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          270407                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29778                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              8667221                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              48175                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             4926798                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             44410                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          8715396                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         4971208                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  13594019                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   92585                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              13686604                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3462180                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9443                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3471623                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3462180                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9443                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3471623                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 73745303                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     13287343                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               23877098                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             4048785                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      2362327                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              55740884                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          580956                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140476                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       154383                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       246410                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3264                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       310879                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3461527                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        137643                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3822                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     70174117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.620730                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.949089                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         62171664     88.60%     88.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1005813      1.43%     90.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           638467      0.91%     90.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           734277      1.05%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           588518      0.84%     92.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           672552      0.96%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           597494      0.85%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           350863      0.50%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          3414469      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     70174117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.054902                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.323778                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          8380121                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      55417323                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4128953                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       1957235                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         290478                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       40960549                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         290478                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          9252978                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        30166277                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      5782222                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           5141422                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      19540733                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       39934967                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59047                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        1322127                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         432449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       17435886                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     46257003                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      96819598                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     60403262                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           44                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      36385211                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9871784                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       151527                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       153091                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          13472848                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      4389780                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      5132344                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       355258                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       217756                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           38919528                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       184596                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          41196326                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       168662                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7261148                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11761157                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        54470                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     70174117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.587059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371310                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     54610719     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      5625363      8.02%     85.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      2994279      4.27%     90.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2647156      3.77%     93.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1893765      2.70%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1044486      1.49%     98.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       861493      1.23%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       300359      0.43%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       196497      0.28%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     70174117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           92698     11.61%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         631279     79.10%     90.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         74149      9.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       174126      0.42%      0.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      27140875     65.88%     66.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24807      0.06%     66.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52253      0.13%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      8804180     21.37%     87.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      5000085     12.14%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       41196326                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.558630                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              798126                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.019374                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    153533502                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     46372168                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     35725805                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           80                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       41820298                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       532071                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1133138                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2519                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7101                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       431675                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1834                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5112183                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         290478                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4243771                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      24784184                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     39104124                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        95616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       4389780                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      5132344                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       175733                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          67549                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      24673986                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7101                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       108596                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       198029                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       306625                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      40786220                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       8660548                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       318053                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             13593058                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          2972440                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            4932510                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.553069                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               35792340                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              35725825                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          20300916                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          32708783                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.484449                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.620656                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7447069                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       130126                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       269304                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     69007920                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.458278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.338371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     57307236     83.04%     83.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4142118      6.00%     89.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3513265      5.09%     94.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1406477      2.04%     96.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       776630      1.13%     97.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       240414      0.35%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       355252      0.51%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       335619      0.49%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       930909      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     69007920                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     17932100                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       31624786                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                7957308                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3256639                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5712                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2639234                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          31340523                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       196732                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        81999      0.26%      0.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     23511184     74.34%     74.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        23594      0.07%     74.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50701      0.16%     74.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3256639     10.30%     85.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      4700669     14.86%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     31624786                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        930909                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            107086723                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            79314080                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   82760                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3571186                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3532840                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            17932100                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              31624786                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.112474                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.112474                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.243163                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.243163                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         62646664                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        27583628                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          15306389                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         13093608                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        20116793                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         144076                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean                318463500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            318463500.000000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.67772e+07               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       1587953                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        30.004977                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       24.813076                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       21.289278                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     1587816     99.99%     99.99% |         134      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         1587953                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       1664587                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.724010                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.981674                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       12.892881                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     1141772     68.59%     68.59% |      499381     30.00%     98.59% |       17868      1.07%     99.67% |        3960      0.24%     99.90% |        1203      0.07%     99.98% |         255      0.02%     99.99% |         126      0.01%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         1664587                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         35832                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        24.791471                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.088864                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        8.969893                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         776      2.17%      2.17% |        3772     10.53%     12.69% |       13397     37.39%     50.08% |        8863     24.73%     74.82% |        7064     19.71%     94.53% |        1470      4.10%     98.63% |         383      1.07%     99.70% |          92      0.26%     99.96% |          14      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           35832                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          3513422                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           33.152608                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.072271                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         216.650755                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     3486105     99.22%     99.22% |       18516      0.53%     99.75% |        3770      0.11%     99.86% |        3105      0.09%     99.95% |        1550      0.04%     99.99% |         322      0.01%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            3513422                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3246717                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000932                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000805                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.030520                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3243690     99.91%     99.91% |        3027      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3246717                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       266705                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     400.202193                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    167.502446                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    687.413971                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      239388     89.76%     89.76% |       18516      6.94%     96.70% |        3770      1.41%     98.11% |        3105      1.16%     99.28% |        1550      0.58%     99.86% |         322      0.12%     99.98% |          37      0.01%     99.99% |          14      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        266705                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          4721819                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           12.867442                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.616253                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          79.769472                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     4718199     99.92%     99.92% |        2310      0.05%     99.97% |         560      0.01%     99.98% |         488      0.01%     99.99% |         226      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            4721819                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      4497483                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000433                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000374                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.020813                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4495537     99.96%     99.96% |        1945      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        4497483                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       224336                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     210.681023                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    152.692477                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    304.713247                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      220716     98.39%     98.39% |        2310      1.03%     99.42% |         560      0.25%     99.67% |         488      0.22%     99.88% |         226      0.10%     99.98% |          25      0.01%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        224336                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3455263                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.834748                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.357792                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      18.091352                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3453173     99.94%     99.94% |        1882      0.05%     99.99% |         187      0.01%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3455263                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3334064                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001095                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3334060    100.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3334064                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       121199                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.815824                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.496370                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    55.034806                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      119109     98.28%     98.28% |        1882      1.55%     99.83% |         187      0.15%     99.98% |          17      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       121199                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       136378                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.433061                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.784887                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    29.423759                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      134835     98.87%     98.87% |        1189      0.87%     99.74% |         324      0.24%     99.98% |          12      0.01%     99.99% |           5      0.00%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       136378                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       126695                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000679                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000586                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.026045                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      126609     99.93%     99.93% |          86      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       126695                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9683                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    93.596096                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    78.988000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    67.595509                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        8140     84.06%     84.06% |        1189     12.28%     96.34% |         324      3.35%     99.69% |          12      0.12%     99.81% |           5      0.05%     99.87% |          10      0.10%     99.97% |           3      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.947773                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.599055                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.355139                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         612     94.01%     94.01% |          23      3.53%     97.54% |          13      2.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           2      0.31%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          612                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         612    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          612                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    68.897436                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    62.652089                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    39.663582                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          23     58.97%     58.97% |          13     33.33%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           2      5.13%     97.44% |           1      2.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks         8960                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       274842                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access         8114                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                     4700                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                     5153                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                     4422                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                     4941                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     4826                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                     5399                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                     4963                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                     4799                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                     4679                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     4700                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                    4814                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                    5240                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    4949                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                    5368                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                    4938                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                    4806                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                    5088                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    4812                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                    4946                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                    5211                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                    5229                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                    5091                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                    4800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                    4812                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    5224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                    5097                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                    5258                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                    5074                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                    4959                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    4934                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    676                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    727                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                    618                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    771                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    718                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                    817                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    749                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                    745                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    697                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    676                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                   730                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                   808                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   763                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   848                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                   774                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                   738                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   792                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                   732                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   766                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                   837                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                   819                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   789                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                   744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                   732                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                   824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                   783                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                   790                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                   806                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                   753                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                   778                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                      792                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                      908                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                      706                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                      844                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                      843                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                      949                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                      889                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                      836                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                      809                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                      813                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                     855                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                     934                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                     872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                     972                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                     899                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                     849                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                     932                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                     837                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                     883                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                     945                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                     953                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                     929                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                     885                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                     845                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                     949                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                     908                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                     934                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                     896                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                     881                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                     877                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                 5376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                 5880                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                 5040                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                 5712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 5544                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                 6216                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                 5712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                 5544                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                 5376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 5376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses                5544                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses                6048                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                5712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses                6216                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses                5712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses                5544                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses                5880                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                5544                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses                5712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses                6048                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                6048                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses                5880                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses                5544                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses                5544                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                6048                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                5880                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses                6048                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses                5880                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses                5712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                5712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                   85724                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                   83302                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                   88515                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                   92746                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                   82448                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                   87322                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                   94717                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                   90647                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                   96410                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                   87039                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                  90838                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                  95688                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                 102579                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                 105649                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                  96629                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               30928256                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               30925564                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles               30924018                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               30928653                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               30925938                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles               30931022                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               30932293                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               30914133                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles               30921104                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               30924355                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles               30922705                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               30917751                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles               30918340                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles               30914755                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles               30915905                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                    4608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                    5040                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                    4896                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                    4752                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                    5328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                    4896                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                    4752                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                    4608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    4608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                   4752                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                   5184                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                   4896                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                   5328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   4896                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                   4752                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                   5040                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   4752                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                   4896                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                   5184                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                   5184                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                   5040                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   4752                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                   4752                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                   5184                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                   5040                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                   5184                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                   5040                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                   4896                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   4896                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                    768                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                    840                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                    720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                    816                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                    792                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                    888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                    816                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                    792                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                    768                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                    768                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                   792                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                   864                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                   816                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                   888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                   816                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                   792                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                   840                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                   792                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                   816                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                   864                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                   864                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                   840                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                   792                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                   792                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                   864                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                   840                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                   864                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                   840                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                   816                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                   816                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 4047                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 4442                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 3811                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                 4258                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 4157                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 4652                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 4268                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 4136                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                 4026                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 4052                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                4152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits                4512                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                4267                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                4620                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                4253                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                4141                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits                4375                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits                4262                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits                4494                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                4503                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits                4377                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                4140                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits                4147                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                4489                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                4384                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits                4528                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits                4375                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits                4271                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                4251                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                561                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                598                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                509                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                638                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                595                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                676                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                628                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                616                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                582                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                556                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses               600                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses               672                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               629                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               708                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses               643                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses               611                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses               665                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses               608                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               634                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses               690                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses               681                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               663                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses               612                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses               605                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses               695                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses               656                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses               656                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses               665                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses               625                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses               645                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                 653                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                 711                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                 611                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                 683                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                 669                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                 747                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                 695                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                 663                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                 653                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                 648                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits                662                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits                728                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits                682                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits                748                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits                685                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits                665                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits                713                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits                668                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits                684                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits                717                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits                726                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits                714                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits                660                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits                665                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits                735                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits                713                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits                730                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits                699                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits                688                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits                683                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               115                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               129                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses               109                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               133                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses               123                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses               141                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               121                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses               129                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses               115                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               120                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses              130                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses              136                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              134                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses              140                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses              131                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses              127                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses              127                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses              124                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses              132                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses              147                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses              138                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              126                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses              132                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses              127                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses              129                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses              127                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses              134                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses              141                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses              128                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses              133                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       30                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       34                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       33                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       37                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       34                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       33                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      33                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      36                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      34                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      37                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      34                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      33                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                      35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                      33                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                      34                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                      36                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                      36                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                      35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                      33                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                      33                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                      36                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                      35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                      36                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                      35                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                      34                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                      34                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 523119                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                 526860                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 526191                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                 523485                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 522339                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                 520828                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                 521434                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                 527093                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                 521704                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 523020                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                524457                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles                527032                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles                522260                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles                525487                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                528310                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles                522058                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles                520449                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles                527136                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles                522354                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles                526558                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                526031                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles                519470                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles                523260                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles                521853                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                525098                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                528496                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles                522858                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles                520750                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles                521048                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                522078                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1536                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    1680                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    1440                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    1632                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                    1584                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    1776                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    1632                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                    1584                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                    1536                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                    1536                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                   1584                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                   1728                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                   1632                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                   1776                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                   1632                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                   1584                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                   1680                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                   1584                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                   1632                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                   1728                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                   1728                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                   1680                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                   1584                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                   1584                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                   1728                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                   1680                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                   1728                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                   1680                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                   1632                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                   1632                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                482478                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                482821                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                488040                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles                486126                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                476372                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                474732                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                485456                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles                486256                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles                481432                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                482896                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles               479608                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles               485482                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles               479520                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles               483589                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               487106                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles               475924                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles               480012                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles               489315                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles               483456                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles               483815                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles               486320                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles               477359                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles               483149                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles               481744                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles               483716                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles               488704                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles               476195                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles               475991                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles               481436                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               481892                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles              33280                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles              36400                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles              31200                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles              35360                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles              34320                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles              38480                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles              35360                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles              34320                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles              33280                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles              33280                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles             34320                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles             37440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles             35360                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles             38480                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles             35360                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles             34320                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles             36400                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles             34320                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles             35360                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles             37440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles             37440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles             36400                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles             34320                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles             34320                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles             37440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles             36400                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles             37440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles             36400                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles             35360                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles             35360                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               404808                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               422904                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               396645                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               413827                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               405039                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               418481                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               383244                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               401087                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               396225                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               422511                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles              407857                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              416898                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles              386730                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              413355                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              384293                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles              407850                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              396684                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles              388071                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              408164                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              420777                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles              405948                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              413788                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles              394132                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles              393270                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              409999                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles              396980                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles              426304                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles              420439                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              396086                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              382795                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           482478                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time           482821                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           488040                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time           486126                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time           476372                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time           474732                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           485456                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time           486256                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time           481432                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           482896                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time          479608                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time          485482                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time          479520                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time          483589                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          487106                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time          475924                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time          480012                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time          489315                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time          483456                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time          483815                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time          486320                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time          477359                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time          483149                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time          481744                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time          483716                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time          488704                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time          476195                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time          475991                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time          481436                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          481892                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time         33280                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time         36400                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time         31200                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time         35360                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         34320                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time         38480                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time         35360                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time         34320                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time         33280                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time         33280                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time        34320                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time        37440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time        35360                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time        38480                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time        35360                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time        34320                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time        36400                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time        34320                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time        35360                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time        37440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time        37440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time        36400                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time        34320                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time        34320                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        37440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time        36400                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time        37440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time        36400                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time        35360                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time        35360                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          308425                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          315483                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          296320                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          315968                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          308031                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          324099                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          309186                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          308279                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          300282                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          320179                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time         311048                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         324754                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time         299109                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         326033                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         302544                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time         311764                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         308819                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time         307936                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         319444                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         326616                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time         311534                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         324682                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time         311021                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         309270                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         316781                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time         317447                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         322816                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time         323106                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         300631                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         297197                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             520487                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time             524021                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             523721                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time             520664                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             519511                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time             518051                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time             518966                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time             524530                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time             519691                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             520420                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time            522039                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time            523714                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time            519521                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time            522846                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            525710                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time            519942                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time            518096                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time            524367                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time            519793                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time            523594                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time            523145                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time            517340                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time            520727                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time            518711                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            522207                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time            525760                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time            520024                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time            517553                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time            518765                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            519218                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles              8920                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles              2754                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              2691                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles             10220                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles             10350                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles              4425                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles              4445                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles              4484                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles              8524                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles              4252                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles             4202                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles             4230                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles            14502                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles             8491                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles             8063                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles             8488                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles            12026                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles            12487                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles             6338                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles             6377                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles            12911                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles            12999                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles            12958                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles            13479                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles            11314                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles            11368                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles            11207                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles            11303                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles            13435                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles            19828                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          76739450                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          76739445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          76739451                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles          76739448                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles          76739457                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles          76739452                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          76739468                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles          76739464                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles          76739474                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles          76739469                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles         76739465                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         76739471                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles         76739486                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles         76739481                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles         76739477                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles         76739473                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         76739483                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles         76739489                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles         76739494                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles         76739490                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles         76739500                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         76739506                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles         76739497                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles         76739493                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles         76739502                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles         76739508                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles         76739499                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles         76739496                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles         76739504                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles         76739501                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles           217761                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles           190593                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles           235644                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles           198112                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles           219679                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles           178328                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles           187344                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles           191368                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles           212673                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles           205161                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles          197243                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles          180262                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles          173321                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles          170131                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles          188721                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles          174540                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles          154643                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles          183225                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles          181596                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles          202253                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles          166168                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles          152202                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles          185212                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles          200170                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles          181286                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles          162012                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles          177106                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles          173546                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles          200470                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles          175032                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               266                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               252                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               252                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               322                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               273                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               315                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               294                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               308                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               280                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               252                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              280                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              315                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              308                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              336                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              301                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              287                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              308                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              301                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              308                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              336                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0              322                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              308                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              273                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              273                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0              329                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0              315                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              308                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              336                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0              287                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0              315                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1               271                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1               278                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1               271                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1               288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1               271                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1               300                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1               261                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1               264                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1               261                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1               259                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1              257                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1              287                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1              265                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1              259                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1              267                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1              265                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1              262                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1              259                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1              273                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1              270                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1              266                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1              246                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1              279                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1              281                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1              273                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1              278                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1              273                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1              273                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1              269                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              1573                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              1650                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              1475                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              1632                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              1528                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              1694                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              1540                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              1569                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              1529                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              1560                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             1512                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             1637                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             1577                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             1645                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             1571                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             1539                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2             1548                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2             1588                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             1561                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             1662                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2             1610                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2             1525                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             1472                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2             1486                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2             1601                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2             1579                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2             1657                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             1617                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2             1531                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2             1610                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles             826                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles            3717                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles            1309                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles            2364                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles            1929                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles            3447                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles             542                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles            1844                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles            2031                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles            1016                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles           2791                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles           1943                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles           2818                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles           1860                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles           2225                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles           4219                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles            642                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles           1216                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles           2171                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles           3501                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles           1978                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles           1612                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles           1217                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles            292                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles            791                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles           3194                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles           4455                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles           1966                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles           2522                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       73236     25.52%     25.52% |       71315     24.85%     50.37% |       71354     24.86%     75.23% |       71072     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       286977                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       38911     25.91%     25.91% |       37094     24.70%     50.61% |       37116     24.72%     75.33% |       37046     24.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       150167                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       73261     25.53%     25.53% |       71315     24.85%     50.37% |       71354     24.86%     75.24% |       71071     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       287001                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       44722     25.78%     25.78% |       42916     24.74%     50.53% |       42940     24.76%     75.28% |       42868     24.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       173446                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        5984     25.00%     25.00% |        5984     25.00%     50.00% |        5984     25.00%     75.00% |        5984     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        23936                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       26133     25.12%     25.12% |       26029     25.02%     50.14% |       26046     25.03%     75.17% |       25834     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       104042                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       73236     25.52%     25.52% |       71315     24.85%     50.37% |       71354     24.86%     75.23% |       71072     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       286977                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5811     24.96%     24.96% |        5822     25.01%     49.97% |        5824     25.02%     74.99% |        5823     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23280                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5811     24.96%     24.96% |        5822     25.01%     49.97% |        5824     25.02%     74.99% |        5823     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23280                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       38685     25.88%     25.88% |       36932     24.71%     50.59% |       36956     24.73%     75.32% |       36885     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       149458                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       26133     25.12%     25.12% |       26029     25.02%     50.14% |       26046     25.03%     75.17% |       25834     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       104042                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       73236     25.52%     25.52% |       71315     24.85%     50.37% |       71354     24.86%     75.23% |       71071     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       286976                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       38685     25.88%     25.88% |       36932     24.71%     50.59% |       36956     24.73%     75.32% |       36884     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       149457                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          656                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        23936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3367736     95.80%     95.80% |          10      0.00%     95.80% |        4608      0.13%     95.94% |        5040      0.14%     96.08% |        4320      0.12%     96.20% |        4896      0.14%     96.34% |        4752      0.14%     96.48% |        5328      0.15%     96.63% |        4904      0.14%     96.77% |        4762      0.14%     96.90% |        4608      0.13%     97.03% |        4608      0.13%     97.16% |        4760      0.14%     97.30% |        5184      0.15%     97.45% |        4896      0.14%     97.59% |        5328      0.15%     97.74% |        4896      0.14%     97.88% |        4752      0.14%     98.01% |        5040      0.14%     98.16% |        4752      0.14%     98.29% |        4896      0.14%     98.43% |        5184      0.15%     98.58% |        5184      0.15%     98.73% |        5040      0.14%     98.87% |        4752      0.14%     99.00% |        4752      0.14%     99.14% |        5184      0.15%     99.29% |        5050      0.14%     99.43% |        5184      0.15%     99.58% |        5040      0.14%     99.72% |        4896      0.14%     99.86% |        4896      0.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3515238                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3455325    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3455325                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     4839605     99.53%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |         709      0.01%     99.55% |         781      0.02%     99.56% |         660      0.01%     99.57% |         757      0.02%     99.59% |         732      0.02%     99.61% |         830      0.02%     99.62% |         758      0.02%     99.64% |         733      0.02%     99.65% |         709      0.01%     99.67% |         709      0.01%     99.68% |         732      0.02%     99.70% |         806      0.02%     99.71% |         757      0.02%     99.73% |         830      0.02%     99.75% |         757      0.02%     99.76% |         733      0.02%     99.78% |         782      0.02%     99.79% |         733      0.02%     99.81% |         759      0.02%     99.82% |         807      0.02%     99.84% |         807      0.02%     99.86% |         782      0.02%     99.87% |         734      0.02%     99.89% |         734      0.02%     99.90% |         807      0.02%     99.92% |         781      0.02%     99.94% |         805      0.02%     99.95% |         782      0.02%     99.97% |         758      0.02%     99.98% |         757      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      4862426                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13040     45.37%     45.37% |          10      0.03%     45.40% |         532      1.85%     47.25% |         300      1.04%     48.30% |         766      2.66%     50.96% |         588      2.05%     53.01% |         624      2.17%     55.18% |         402      1.40%     56.58% |         591      2.06%     58.63% |         446      1.55%     60.19% |         459      1.60%     61.78% |         640      2.23%     64.01% |         437      1.52%     65.53% |         621      2.16%     67.69% |         435      1.51%     69.20% |         394      1.37%     70.57% |         543      1.89%     72.46% |         476      1.66%     74.12% |         563      1.96%     76.08% |         454      1.58%     77.66% |         561      1.95%     79.61% |         391      1.36%     80.97% |         602      2.09%     83.06% |         645      2.24%     85.31% |         556      1.93%     87.24% |         505      1.76%     89.00% |         560      1.95%     90.95% |         454      1.58%     92.53% |         653      2.27%     94.80% |         424      1.48%     96.27% |         552      1.92%     98.19% |         519      1.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        28743                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      499143     82.39%     82.39% |           0      0.00%     82.39% |        3296      0.54%     82.93% |        3668      0.61%     83.54% |        3058      0.50%     84.04% |        3534      0.58%     84.63% |        3415      0.56%     85.19% |        3891      0.64%     85.83% |        3571      0.59%     86.42% |        3463      0.57%     86.99% |        3296      0.54%     87.54% |        3296      0.54%     88.08% |        3455      0.57%     88.65% |        3772      0.62%     89.28% |        3534      0.58%     89.86% |        3891      0.64%     90.50% |        3534      0.58%     91.08% |        3415      0.56%     91.65% |        3653      0.60%     92.25% |        3415      0.56%     92.82% |        3534      0.58%     93.40% |        3772      0.62%     94.02% |        3772      0.62%     94.64% |        3653      0.60%     95.25% |        3415      0.56%     95.81% |        3415      0.56%     96.37% |        3772      0.62%     97.00% |        3699      0.61%     97.61% |        3772      0.62%     98.23% |        3655      0.60%     98.83% |        3534      0.58%     99.42% |        3534      0.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       605827                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          31      3.08%      3.08% |          35      3.48%      6.55% |          30      2.98%      9.53% |          33      3.28%     12.81% |          33      3.28%     16.09% |          36      3.57%     19.66% |          34      3.38%     23.04% |          33      3.28%     26.32% |          32      3.18%     29.49% |          32      3.18%     32.67% |          33      3.28%     35.95% |          33      3.28%     39.23% |          34      3.38%     42.60% |          36      3.57%     46.18% |          33      3.28%     49.45% |          32      3.18%     52.63% |          34      3.38%     56.01% |          33      3.28%     59.29% |          34      3.38%     62.66% |          36      3.57%     66.24% |          36      3.57%     69.81% |          33      3.28%     73.09% |          33      3.28%     76.37% |          33      3.28%     79.64% |          36      3.57%     83.22% |          34      3.38%     86.59% |          35      3.48%     90.07% |          34      3.38%     93.45% |          33      3.28%     96.72% |          33      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1007                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           5      0.08%      0.08% |           0      0.00%      0.08% |         186      3.06%      3.14% |         210      3.45%      6.59% |         180      2.96%      9.55% |         201      3.30%     12.86% |         198      3.26%     16.11% |         215      3.54%     19.65% |         203      3.34%     22.99% |         197      3.24%     26.22% |         192      3.16%     29.38% |         192      3.16%     32.54% |         194      3.19%     35.73% |         206      3.39%     39.12% |         204      3.35%     42.47% |         220      3.62%     46.09% |         204      3.35%     49.44% |         198      3.26%     52.70% |         203      3.34%     56.03% |         198      3.26%     59.29% |         204      3.35%     62.64% |         216      3.55%     66.20% |         216      3.55%     69.75% |         203      3.34%     73.08% |         198      3.26%     76.34% |         198      3.26%     79.60% |         206      3.39%     82.98% |         207      3.40%     86.39% |         214      3.52%     89.90% |         210      3.45%     93.36% |         204      3.35%     96.71% |         200      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         6082                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      161502     62.13%     62.13% |           5      0.00%     62.13% |        3077      1.18%     63.32% |        3360      1.29%     64.61% |        2893      1.11%     65.72% |        3264      1.26%     66.98% |        3171      1.22%     68.20% |        3552      1.37%     69.56% |        3279      1.26%     70.82% |        3190      1.23%     72.05% |        3072      1.18%     73.23% |        3079      1.18%     74.42% |        3184      1.22%     75.64% |        3456      1.33%     76.97% |        3265      1.26%     78.23% |        3552      1.37%     79.60% |        3264      1.26%     80.85% |        3169      1.22%     82.07% |        3360      1.29%     83.36% |        3168      1.22%     84.58% |        3264      1.26%     85.84% |        3456      1.33%     87.17% |        3456      1.33%     88.50% |        3362      1.29%     89.79% |        3170      1.22%     91.01% |        3173      1.22%     92.23% |        3456      1.33%     93.56% |        3384      1.30%     94.86% |        3459      1.33%     96.19% |        3366      1.29%     97.49% |        3270      1.26%     98.74% |        3264      1.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       259942                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.08%      0.08% |         187      3.07%      3.16% |         210      3.45%      6.61% |         167      2.75%      9.36% |         204      3.35%     12.71% |         195      3.21%     15.92% |         222      3.65%     19.57% |         204      3.35%     22.92% |         193      3.17%     26.09% |         192      3.16%     29.25% |         185      3.04%     32.29% |         197      3.24%     35.53% |         216      3.55%     39.08% |         203      3.34%     42.42% |         222      3.65%     46.07% |         204      3.35%     49.42% |         197      3.24%     52.66% |         210      3.45%     56.12% |         198      3.26%     59.37% |         204      3.35%     62.73% |         216      3.55%     66.28% |         216      3.55%     69.83% |         208      3.42%     73.25% |         196      3.22%     76.47% |         193      3.17%     79.64% |         216      3.55%     83.20% |         203      3.34%     86.53% |         213      3.50%     90.04% |         204      3.35%     93.39% |         198      3.26%     96.65% |         204      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         6082                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      338512     95.11%     95.11% |           0      0.00%     95.11% |         544      0.15%     95.26% |         595      0.17%     95.43% |         510      0.14%     95.57% |         578      0.16%     95.73% |         561      0.16%     95.89% |         629      0.18%     96.07% |         578      0.16%     96.23% |         561      0.16%     96.39% |         544      0.15%     96.54% |         544      0.15%     96.69% |         561      0.16%     96.85% |         612      0.17%     97.02% |         578      0.16%     97.19% |         629      0.18%     97.36% |         578      0.16%     97.53% |         561      0.16%     97.68% |         595      0.17%     97.85% |         561      0.16%     98.01% |         578      0.16%     98.17% |         612      0.17%     98.34% |         612      0.17%     98.51% |         595      0.17%     98.68% |         561      0.16%     98.84% |         561      0.16%     99.00% |         612      0.17%     99.17% |         595      0.17%     99.34% |         612      0.17%     99.51% |         595      0.17%     99.68% |         578      0.16%     99.84% |         578      0.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       355920                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      377382     81.00%     81.00% |           0      0.00%     81.00% |        2700      0.58%     81.58% |        3242      0.70%     82.27% |        2321      0.50%     82.77% |        2955      0.63%     83.41% |        2800      0.60%     84.01% |        3387      0.73%     84.74% |        2851      0.61%     85.35% |        2886      0.62%     85.97% |        2754      0.59%     86.56% |        2582      0.55%     87.11% |        2899      0.62%     87.73% |        3046      0.65%     88.39% |        2993      0.64%     89.03% |        3376      0.72%     89.75% |        2868      0.62%     90.37% |        2852      0.61%     90.98% |        3085      0.66%     91.64% |        2865      0.61%     92.26% |        2880      0.62%     92.88% |        3241      0.70%     93.57% |        3034      0.65%     94.22% |        2876      0.62%     94.84% |        2988      0.64%     95.48% |        2787      0.60%     96.08% |        3071      0.66%     96.74% |        3107      0.67%     97.41% |        3010      0.65%     98.05% |        3120      0.67%     98.72% |        3015      0.65%     99.37% |        2934      0.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       465907                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      162021     60.79%     60.79% |          10      0.00%     60.79% |        3264      1.22%     62.01% |        3570      1.34%     63.35% |        3060      1.15%     64.50% |        3468      1.30%     65.80% |        3366      1.26%     67.07% |        3774      1.42%     68.48% |        3483      1.31%     69.79% |        3383      1.27%     71.06% |        3264      1.22%     72.28% |        3264      1.22%     73.51% |        3381      1.27%     74.78% |        3672      1.38%     76.15% |        3468      1.30%     77.45% |        3774      1.42%     78.87% |        3468      1.30%     80.17% |        3366      1.26%     81.43% |        3570      1.34%     82.77% |        3366      1.26%     84.04% |        3468      1.30%     85.34% |        3672      1.38%     86.71% |        3672      1.38%     88.09% |        3570      1.34%     89.43% |        3366      1.26%     90.69% |        3366      1.26%     91.96% |        3672      1.38%     93.34% |        3587      1.35%     94.68% |        3672      1.38%     96.06% |        3570      1.34%     97.40% |        3468      1.30%     98.70% |        3468      1.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       266543                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      120595    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       120595                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      216629     92.56%     92.56% |           0      0.00%     92.56% |         544      0.23%     92.79% |         595      0.25%     93.05% |         510      0.22%     93.27% |         578      0.25%     93.51% |         561      0.24%     93.75% |         629      0.27%     94.02% |         578      0.25%     94.27% |         561      0.24%     94.51% |         544      0.23%     94.74% |         544      0.23%     94.97% |         561      0.24%     95.21% |         612      0.26%     95.47% |         578      0.25%     95.72% |         629      0.27%     95.99% |         578      0.25%     96.24% |         561      0.24%     96.48% |         595      0.25%     96.73% |         561      0.24%     96.97% |         578      0.25%     97.22% |         612      0.26%     97.48% |         612      0.26%     97.74% |         595      0.25%     98.00% |         561      0.24%     98.23% |         561      0.24%     98.47% |         612      0.26%     98.74% |         595      0.25%     98.99% |         612      0.26%     99.25% |         595      0.25%     99.51% |         578      0.25%     99.75% |         578      0.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       234037                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11002     55.84%     55.84% |           0      0.00%     55.84% |         280      1.42%     57.26% |         300      1.52%     58.78% |         254      1.29%     60.07% |         297      1.51%     61.58% |         277      1.41%     62.99% |         312      1.58%     64.57% |         289      1.47%     66.04% |         275      1.40%     67.43% |         286      1.45%     68.88% |         279      1.42%     70.30% |         270      1.37%     71.67% |         302      1.53%     73.20% |         289      1.47%     74.67% |         312      1.58%     76.25% |         288      1.46%     77.71% |         293      1.49%     79.20% |         293      1.49%     80.69% |         288      1.46%     82.15% |         287      1.46%     83.61% |         300      1.52%     85.13% |         302      1.53%     86.66% |         278      1.41%     88.07% |         286      1.45%     89.52% |         275      1.40%     90.92% |         285      1.45%     92.37% |         297      1.51%     93.87% |         304      1.54%     95.42% |         294      1.49%     96.91% |         301      1.53%     98.44% |         308      1.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        19703                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         162    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          162                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         606    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          606                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         383      5.38%      5.38% |           0      0.00%      5.38% |         251      3.53%      8.91% |          33      0.46%      9.38% |         420      5.90%     15.28% |         202      2.84%     18.12% |         257      3.61%     21.73% |          93      1.31%     23.04% |         317      4.46%     27.50% |         186      2.61%     30.11% |         188      2.64%     32.75% |         372      5.23%     37.98% |         169      2.38%     40.36% |         332      4.67%     45.02% |         162      2.28%     47.30% |         100      1.41%     48.71% |         286      4.02%     52.73% |         194      2.73%     55.45% |         181      2.54%     58.00% |         181      2.54%     60.54% |         275      3.87%     64.41% |         124      1.74%     66.15% |         334      4.69%     70.85% |         398      5.59%     76.44% |          61      0.86%     77.30% |         259      3.64%     80.94% |         305      4.29%     85.23% |         173      2.43%     87.66% |         366      5.14%     92.80% |         145      2.04%     94.84% |         143      2.01%     96.85% |         224      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         7114                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       10561    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        10561                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3334064    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3334064                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1362     97.15%     97.15% |           5      0.36%     97.50% |           0      0.00%     97.50% |           0      0.00%     97.50% |           2      0.14%     97.65% |           0      0.00%     97.65% |           8      0.57%     98.22% |           0      0.00%     98.22% |           0      0.00%     98.22% |           2      0.14%     98.36% |           2      0.14%     98.50% |           7      0.50%     99.00% |           1      0.07%     99.07% |           0      0.00%     99.07% |           0      0.00%     99.07% |           0      0.00%     99.07% |           0      0.00%     99.07% |           0      0.00%     99.07% |           0      0.00%     99.07% |           0      0.00%     99.07% |           1      0.07%     99.14% |           0      0.00%     99.14% |           0      0.00%     99.14% |           7      0.50%     99.64% |           0      0.00%     99.64% |           1      0.07%     99.71% |           1      0.07%     99.79% |           0      0.00%     99.79% |           3      0.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         1402                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120458     91.41%     91.41% |           0      0.00%     91.41% |         345      0.26%     91.67% |         393      0.30%     91.97% |         317      0.24%     92.21% |         377      0.29%     92.50% |         358      0.27%     92.77% |         411      0.31%     93.08% |         381      0.29%     93.37% |         360      0.27%     93.64% |         354      0.27%     93.91% |         342      0.26%     94.17% |         362      0.27%     94.45% |         394      0.30%     94.74% |         379      0.29%     95.03% |         415      0.31%     95.35% |         380      0.29%     95.64% |         369      0.28%     95.92% |         387      0.29%     96.21% |         369      0.28%     96.49% |         379      0.29%     96.78% |         407      0.31%     97.09% |         404      0.31%     97.39% |         379      0.29%     97.68% |         366      0.28%     97.96% |         369      0.28%     98.24% |         396      0.30%     98.54% |         390      0.30%     98.83% |         396      0.30%     99.13% |         388      0.29%     99.43% |         376      0.29%     99.71% |         376      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       131777                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1693112     97.53%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |        1344      0.08%     97.60% |        1470      0.08%     97.69% |        1260      0.07%     97.76% |        1428      0.08%     97.84% |        1386      0.08%     97.92% |        1554      0.09%     98.01% |        1413      0.08%     98.09% |        1369      0.08%     98.17% |        1344      0.08%     98.25% |        1344      0.08%     98.33% |        1371      0.08%     98.41% |        1512      0.09%     98.49% |        1428      0.08%     98.58% |        1554      0.09%     98.67% |        1428      0.08%     98.75% |        1386      0.08%     98.83% |        1470      0.08%     98.91% |        1386      0.08%     98.99% |        1428      0.08%     99.07% |        1512      0.09%     99.16% |        1512      0.09%     99.25% |        1470      0.08%     99.33% |        1386      0.08%     99.41% |        1386      0.08%     99.49% |        1512      0.09%     99.58% |        1453      0.08%     99.66% |        1512      0.09%     99.75% |        1470      0.08%     99.84% |        1428      0.08%     99.92% |        1428      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1736056                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       26144    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        26144                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         477      7.60%      7.60% |           5      0.08%      7.68% |         237      3.78%     11.45% |           0      0.00%     11.45% |         435      6.93%     18.38% |         261      4.16%     22.54% |         301      4.79%     27.33% |          75      1.19%     28.53% |         227      3.62%     32.14% |         138      2.20%     34.34% |         156      2.48%     36.83% |         302      4.81%     41.64% |         135      2.15%     43.79% |         259      4.13%     47.91% |         116      1.85%     49.76% |          67      1.07%     50.83% |         195      3.11%     53.93% |         168      2.68%     56.61% |         210      3.35%     59.96% |         121      1.93%     61.88% |         243      3.87%     65.75% |          61      0.97%     66.73% |         225      3.58%     70.31% |         315      5.02%     75.33% |         225      3.58%     78.91% |         196      3.12%     82.03% |         240      3.82%     85.86% |         127      2.02%     87.88% |         286      4.56%     92.43% |         114      1.82%     94.25% |         172      2.74%     96.99% |         189      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         6278                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      134800     64.15%     64.15% |           0      0.00%     64.15% |        2264      1.08%     65.23% |        2745      1.31%     66.54% |        1963      0.93%     67.47% |        2487      1.18%     68.65% |        2387      1.14%     69.79% |        2888      1.37%     71.16% |        2474      1.18%     72.34% |        2450      1.17%     73.51% |        2320      1.10%     74.61% |        2180      1.04%     75.65% |        2465      1.17%     76.82% |        2590      1.23%     78.05% |        2557      1.22%     79.27% |        2860      1.36%     80.63% |        2460      1.17%     81.80% |        2416      1.15%     82.95% |        2647      1.26%     84.21% |        2444      1.16%     85.38% |        2427      1.16%     86.53% |        2774      1.32%     87.85% |        2595      1.23%     89.09% |        2437      1.16%     90.25% |        2537      1.21%     91.45% |        2369      1.13%     92.58% |        2605      1.24%     93.82% |        2654      1.26%     95.08% |        2569      1.22%     96.31% |        2652      1.26%     97.57% |        2609      1.24%     98.81% |        2500      1.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       210125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         186      3.06%      3.06% |         210      3.46%      6.52% |         180      2.96%      9.48% |         201      3.31%     12.79% |         198      3.26%     16.05% |         214      3.52%     19.57% |         203      3.34%     22.91% |         197      3.24%     26.15% |         192      3.16%     29.31% |         192      3.16%     32.47% |         194      3.19%     35.66% |         206      3.39%     39.06% |         204      3.36%     42.41% |         220      3.62%     46.03% |         204      3.36%     49.39% |         198      3.26%     52.65% |         203      3.34%     55.99% |         198      3.26%     59.25% |         204      3.36%     62.61% |         216      3.55%     66.16% |         216      3.55%     69.72% |         203      3.34%     73.06% |         198      3.26%     76.32% |         198      3.26%     79.58% |         206      3.39%     82.97% |         207      3.41%     86.37% |         214      3.52%     89.89% |         210      3.46%     93.35% |         204      3.36%     96.71% |         200      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         6076                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1500100    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1500100                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     4593884     99.88%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |         165      0.00%     99.89% |         186      0.00%     99.89% |         150      0.00%     99.89% |         179      0.00%     99.90% |         171      0.00%     99.90% |         201      0.00%     99.91% |         180      0.00%     99.91% |         172      0.00%     99.91% |         165      0.00%     99.92% |         165      0.00%     99.92% |         171      0.00%     99.92% |         194      0.00%     99.93% |         179      0.00%     99.93% |         201      0.00%     99.94% |         179      0.00%     99.94% |         172      0.00%     99.94% |         187      0.00%     99.95% |         172      0.00%     99.95% |         181      0.00%     99.96% |         195      0.00%     99.96% |         195      0.00%     99.96% |         187      0.00%     99.97% |         173      0.00%     99.97% |         173      0.00%     99.98% |         195      0.00%     99.98% |         186      0.00%     99.98% |         193      0.00%     99.99% |         187      0.00%     99.99% |         180      0.00%    100.00% |         179      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      4599297                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         199     14.97%     14.97% |           0      0.00%     14.97% |          15      1.13%     16.10% |           0      0.00%     16.10% |          75      5.64%     21.75% |          30      2.26%     24.00% |          36      2.71%     26.71% |          15      1.13%     27.84% |          75      5.64%     33.48% |          30      2.26%     35.74% |          15      1.13%     36.87% |          48      3.61%     40.48% |          31      2.33%     42.81% |          60      4.51%     47.33% |          30      2.26%     49.59% |          15      1.13%     50.71% |          60      4.51%     55.23% |          15      1.13%     56.36% |          60      4.51%     60.87% |          45      3.39%     64.26% |          30      2.26%     66.52% |          30      2.26%     68.77% |          75      5.64%     74.42% |          45      3.39%     77.80% |          45      3.39%     81.19% |          33      2.48%     83.67% |          32      2.41%     86.08% |          30      2.26%     88.34% |          60      4.51%     92.85% |          15      1.13%     93.98% |          61      4.59%     98.57% |          19      1.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total         1329                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      242582     94.84%     94.84% |           0      0.00%     94.84% |         436      0.17%     95.01% |         497      0.19%     95.20% |         358      0.14%     95.34% |         468      0.18%     95.53% |         413      0.16%     95.69% |         499      0.20%     95.88% |         377      0.15%     96.03% |         436      0.17%     96.20% |         434      0.17%     96.37% |         402      0.16%     96.53% |         434      0.17%     96.70% |         456      0.18%     96.88% |         436      0.17%     97.05% |         516      0.20%     97.25% |         408      0.16%     97.41% |         436      0.17%     97.58% |         438      0.17%     97.75% |         421      0.16%     97.91% |         453      0.18%     98.09% |         467      0.18%     98.27% |         439      0.17%     98.45% |         439      0.17%     98.62% |         451      0.18%     98.79% |         418      0.16%     98.96% |         466      0.18%     99.14% |         453      0.18%     99.32% |         441      0.17%     99.49% |         468      0.18%     99.67% |         406      0.16%     99.83% |         434      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       255782                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          31      3.08%      3.08% |          35      3.48%      6.56% |          30      2.98%      9.54% |          33      3.28%     12.82% |          33      3.28%     16.10% |          36      3.58%     19.68% |          34      3.38%     23.06% |          33      3.28%     26.34% |          32      3.18%     29.52% |          32      3.18%     32.70% |          33      3.28%     35.98% |          33      3.28%     39.26% |          34      3.38%     42.64% |          36      3.58%     46.22% |          33      3.28%     49.50% |          32      3.18%     52.68% |          34      3.38%     56.06% |          33      3.28%     59.34% |          33      3.28%     62.62% |          36      3.58%     66.20% |          36      3.58%     69.78% |          33      3.28%     73.06% |          33      3.28%     76.34% |          33      3.28%     79.62% |          36      3.58%     83.20% |          34      3.38%     86.58% |          35      3.48%     90.06% |          34      3.38%     93.44% |          33      3.28%     96.72% |          33      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1006                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         911     89.31%     89.31% |           0      0.00%     89.31% |           0      0.00%     89.31% |           0      0.00%     89.31% |           0      0.00%     89.31% |           0      0.00%     89.31% |           0      0.00%     89.31% |           0      0.00%     89.31% |          22      2.16%     91.47% |          31      3.04%     94.51% |           0      0.00%     94.51% |           0      0.00%     94.51% |          25      2.45%     96.96% |           0      0.00%     96.96% |           0      0.00%     96.96% |           0      0.00%     96.96% |           0      0.00%     96.96% |           0      0.00%     96.96% |           0      0.00%     96.96% |           0      0.00%     96.96% |           0      0.00%     96.96% |           0      0.00%     96.96% |           0      0.00%     96.96% |           0      0.00%     96.96% |           0      0.00%     96.96% |           0      0.00%     96.96% |           0      0.00%     96.96% |          29      2.84%     99.80% |           0      0.00%     99.80% |           2      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         1020                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      161502     62.13%     62.13% |           5      0.00%     62.13% |        3077      1.18%     63.32% |        3360      1.29%     64.61% |        2893      1.11%     65.72% |        3264      1.26%     66.98% |        3171      1.22%     68.20% |        3552      1.37%     69.56% |        3279      1.26%     70.82% |        3190      1.23%     72.05% |        3072      1.18%     73.23% |        3079      1.18%     74.42% |        3184      1.22%     75.64% |        3456      1.33%     76.97% |        3265      1.26%     78.23% |        3552      1.37%     79.60% |        3264      1.26%     80.85% |        3169      1.22%     82.07% |        3360      1.29%     83.36% |        3168      1.22%     84.58% |        3264      1.26%     85.84% |        3456      1.33%     87.17% |        3456      1.33%     88.50% |        3362      1.29%     89.79% |        3170      1.22%     91.01% |        3173      1.22%     92.23% |        3456      1.33%     93.56% |        3384      1.30%     94.86% |        3459      1.33%     96.19% |        3366      1.29%     97.49% |        3270      1.26%     98.74% |        3264      1.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       259942                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.08%      0.08% |         187      3.07%      3.16% |         210      3.45%      6.61% |         167      2.75%      9.36% |         204      3.35%     12.71% |         195      3.21%     15.92% |         222      3.65%     19.57% |         204      3.35%     22.92% |         193      3.17%     26.09% |         192      3.16%     29.25% |         185      3.04%     32.29% |         197      3.24%     35.53% |         216      3.55%     39.08% |         203      3.34%     42.42% |         222      3.65%     46.07% |         204      3.35%     49.42% |         197      3.24%     52.66% |         210      3.45%     56.12% |         198      3.26%     59.37% |         204      3.35%     62.73% |         216      3.55%     66.28% |         216      3.55%     69.83% |         208      3.42%     73.25% |         196      3.22%     76.47% |         193      3.17%     79.64% |         216      3.55%     83.20% |         203      3.34%     86.53% |         213      3.50%     90.04% |         204      3.35%     93.39% |         198      3.26%     96.65% |         204      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         6082                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      121880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       121880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           9    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      216632     92.56%     92.56% |           0      0.00%     92.56% |         544      0.23%     92.79% |         595      0.25%     93.05% |         510      0.22%     93.27% |         578      0.25%     93.51% |         561      0.24%     93.75% |         629      0.27%     94.02% |         578      0.25%     94.27% |         561      0.24%     94.51% |         544      0.23%     94.74% |         544      0.23%     94.97% |         561      0.24%     95.21% |         612      0.26%     95.47% |         578      0.25%     95.72% |         629      0.27%     95.99% |         578      0.25%     96.24% |         561      0.24%     96.48% |         595      0.25%     96.73% |         561      0.24%     96.97% |         578      0.25%     97.22% |         612      0.26%     97.48% |         612      0.26%     97.74% |         595      0.25%     98.00% |         561      0.24%     98.23% |         561      0.24%     98.47% |         612      0.26%     98.74% |         595      0.25%     98.99% |         612      0.26%     99.25% |         595      0.25%     99.51% |         578      0.25%     99.75% |         578      0.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       234040                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1780     98.02%     98.02% |           0      0.00%     98.02% |           0      0.00%     98.02% |           0      0.00%     98.02% |           0      0.00%     98.02% |           0      0.00%     98.02% |           0      0.00%     98.02% |           0      0.00%     98.02% |           8      0.44%     98.46% |          10      0.55%     99.01% |           0      0.00%     99.01% |           0      0.00%     99.01% |           8      0.44%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |          10      0.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1816                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          60    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           60                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        2927    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         2927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      6.45%      6.45% |           0      0.00%      6.45% |           0      0.00%      6.45% |           1      3.23%      9.68% |           0      0.00%      9.68% |           4     12.90%     22.58% |           0      0.00%     22.58% |           0      0.00%     22.58% |           0      0.00%     22.58% |           0      0.00%     22.58% |           0      0.00%     22.58% |           0      0.00%     22.58% |           0      0.00%     22.58% |           0      0.00%     22.58% |           0      0.00%     22.58% |           0      0.00%     22.58% |           0      0.00%     22.58% |           0      0.00%     22.58% |           0      0.00%     22.58% |           0      0.00%     22.58% |           2      6.45%     29.03% |           0      0.00%     29.03% |           0      0.00%     29.03% |           1      3.23%     32.26% |          18     58.06%     90.32% |           3      9.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total           31                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      377382     81.01%     81.01% |           0      0.00%     81.01% |        2700      0.58%     81.58% |        3242      0.70%     82.28% |        2321      0.50%     82.78% |        2955      0.63%     83.41% |        2798      0.60%     84.01% |        3386      0.73%     84.74% |        2851      0.61%     85.35% |        2885      0.62%     85.97% |        2754      0.59%     86.56% |        2578      0.55%     87.12% |        2899      0.62%     87.74% |        3046      0.65%     88.39% |        2993      0.64%     89.03% |        3376      0.72%     89.76% |        2868      0.62%     90.38% |        2852      0.61%     90.99% |        3085      0.66%     91.65% |        2865      0.61%     92.26% |        2879      0.62%     92.88% |        3241      0.70%     93.58% |        3034      0.65%     94.23% |        2876      0.62%     94.85% |        2988      0.64%     95.49% |        2787      0.60%     96.09% |        3069      0.66%     96.75% |        3107      0.67%     97.41% |        3010      0.65%     98.06% |        3119      0.67%     98.73% |        2997      0.64%     99.37% |        2931      0.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       465874                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      6.06%      6.06% |           1      3.03%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           1      3.03%     12.12% |           0      0.00%     12.12% |           4     12.12%     24.24% |           0      0.00%     24.24% |           0      0.00%     24.24% |           0      0.00%     24.24% |           0      0.00%     24.24% |           0      0.00%     24.24% |           0      0.00%     24.24% |           0      0.00%     24.24% |           0      0.00%     24.24% |           1      3.03%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           2      6.06%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      3.03%     36.36% |          18     54.55%     90.91% |           3      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total           33                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3742      3.09%      3.09% |        3665      3.02%      6.11% |        3399      2.80%      8.92% |        3426      2.83%     11.74% |        3476      2.87%     14.61% |        3980      3.28%     17.89% |        3695      3.05%     20.94% |        3240      2.67%     23.61% |        3449      2.85%     26.46% |        4983      4.11%     30.57% |        3814      3.15%     33.72% |        3726      3.07%     36.79% |        3457      2.85%     39.64% |        4231      3.49%     43.13% |        3787      3.12%     46.26% |        3679      3.04%     49.29% |        4083      3.37%     52.66% |        4070      3.36%     56.02% |        3569      2.94%     58.96% |        3273      2.70%     61.66% |        2996      2.47%     64.14% |        3582      2.96%     67.09% |        3429      2.83%     69.92% |        3307      2.73%     72.65% |        3551      2.93%     75.58% |        3610      2.98%     78.56% |        3123      2.58%     81.13% |        4574      3.77%     84.91% |        3904      3.22%     88.13% |        5095      4.20%     92.33% |        4948      4.08%     96.41% |        4347      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       121210                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       47055     17.64%     17.64% |        7805      2.93%     20.57% |        6459      2.42%     22.99% |        7341      2.75%     25.74% |        6718      2.52%     28.26% |        6505      2.44%     30.70% |        6109      2.29%     32.99% |        6267      2.35%     35.34% |        6550      2.46%     37.80% |        6587      2.47%     40.27% |        8657      3.25%     43.51% |        9133      3.42%     46.94% |        7704      2.89%     49.83% |        6416      2.41%     52.23% |        5928      2.22%     54.45% |        6307      2.36%     56.82% |       10302      3.86%     60.68% |        6553      2.46%     63.14% |        6865      2.57%     65.71% |        6962      2.61%     68.32% |        7223      2.71%     71.03% |        7644      2.87%     73.90% |        6631      2.49%     76.38% |        6613      2.48%     78.86% |        6567      2.46%     81.32% |        6505      2.44%     83.76% |        6313      2.37%     86.13% |        5999      2.25%     88.38% |        7134      2.67%     91.05% |        6419      2.41%     93.46% |        7234      2.71%     96.17% |       10205      3.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       266710                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       16455      7.03%      7.03% |        7764      3.32%     10.35% |        6297      2.69%     13.04% |        7488      3.20%     16.24% |        6630      2.83%     19.07% |        6564      2.80%     21.88% |        6154      2.63%     24.50% |        6641      2.84%     27.34% |        6550      2.80%     30.14% |        6171      2.64%     32.78% |        6867      2.93%     35.71% |        6636      2.84%     38.55% |        6428      2.75%     41.29% |        6805      2.91%     44.20% |        6091      2.60%     46.80% |        6162      2.63%     49.44% |        6747      2.88%     52.32% |        6259      2.67%     54.99% |        6425      2.75%     57.74% |        7279      3.11%     60.85% |        7682      3.28%     64.13% |        8265      3.53%     67.66% |        7093      3.03%     70.69% |        7145      3.05%     73.75% |        7274      3.11%     76.85% |        6898      2.95%     79.80% |        6938      2.96%     82.77% |        6964      2.98%     85.74% |        8431      3.60%     89.34% |        7567      3.23%     92.58% |        9124      3.90%     96.48% |        8249      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       234043                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           4     22.22%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           7     38.89%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       56777     12.19%     12.19% |       14822      3.18%     15.37% |       12033      2.58%     17.95% |       14087      3.02%     20.98% |       12616      2.71%     23.68% |       12003      2.58%     26.26% |       11532      2.48%     28.74% |       12189      2.62%     31.35% |       12388      2.66%     34.01% |       12049      2.59%     36.60% |       14798      3.18%     39.77% |       15054      3.23%     43.00% |       13424      2.88%     45.89% |       12508      2.68%     48.57% |       11290      2.42%     50.99% |       11744      2.52%     53.51% |       10384      2.23%     55.74% |       12130      2.60%     58.35% |       12564      2.70%     61.04% |       13549      2.91%     63.95% |       14226      3.05%     67.01% |       15212      3.27%     70.27% |       13042      2.80%     73.07% |       13081      2.81%     75.88% |       13161      2.82%     78.70% |       12724      2.73%     81.44% |       12573      2.70%     84.13% |       12282      2.64%     86.77% |       14883      3.19%     89.96% |       13306      2.86%     92.82% |       15677      3.37%     96.19% |       17769      3.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       465877                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6      9.84%      9.84% |           2      3.28%     13.11% |           2      3.28%     16.39% |           2      3.28%     19.67% |           2      3.28%     22.95% |           2      3.28%     26.23% |           6      9.84%     36.07% |           5      8.20%     44.26% |           2      3.28%     47.54% |           2      3.28%     50.82% |           2      3.28%     54.10% |           2      3.28%     57.38% |           4      6.56%     63.93% |           4      6.56%     70.49% |           4      6.56%     77.05% |           1      1.64%     78.69% |           4      6.56%     85.25% |           1      1.64%     86.89% |           0      0.00%     86.89% |           2      3.28%     90.16% |           0      0.00%     90.16% |           0      0.00%     90.16% |           0      0.00%     90.16% |           0      0.00%     90.16% |           2      3.28%     93.44% |           2      3.28%     96.72% |           0      0.00%     96.72% |           2      3.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total           61                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        6367      4.30%      4.30% |        4570      3.08%      7.38% |        4591      3.10%     10.48% |        4574      3.09%     13.56% |        4559      3.08%     16.64% |        4571      3.08%     19.72% |        4574      3.09%     22.81% |        4560      3.08%     25.89% |        4575      3.09%     28.97% |        4581      3.09%     32.06% |        4581      3.09%     35.15% |        4575      3.09%     38.24% |        4559      3.08%     41.32% |        4570      3.08%     44.40% |        4561      3.08%     47.48% |        4562      3.08%     50.56% |        4632      3.13%     53.68% |        4575      3.09%     56.77% |        4592      3.10%     59.87% |        4583      3.09%     62.96% |        4575      3.09%     66.05% |        4595      3.10%     69.15% |        4579      3.09%     72.24% |        4576      3.09%     75.32% |        4590      3.10%     78.42% |        4588      3.10%     81.52% |        4582      3.09%     84.61% |        4571      3.08%     87.69% |        4573      3.09%     90.78% |        4557      3.07%     93.85% |        4559      3.08%     96.93% |        4554      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       148211                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        3366      3.20%      3.20% |        3310      3.14%      6.34% |        3339      3.17%      9.51% |        3304      3.14%     12.65% |        3310      3.14%     15.79% |        3275      3.11%     18.90% |        3283      3.12%     22.02% |        3284      3.12%     25.14% |        3288      3.12%     28.26% |        3323      3.16%     31.42% |        3335      3.17%     34.59% |        3299      3.13%     37.72% |        3314      3.15%     40.87% |        3308      3.14%     44.01% |        3313      3.15%     47.16% |        3284      3.12%     50.28% |        3258      3.09%     53.37% |        3284      3.12%     56.49% |        3283      3.12%     59.61% |        3250      3.09%     62.69% |        3270      3.11%     65.80% |        3253      3.09%     68.89% |        3271      3.11%     72.00% |        3246      3.08%     75.08% |        3292      3.13%     78.20% |        3322      3.16%     81.36% |        3308      3.14%     84.50% |        3251      3.09%     87.59% |        3290      3.12%     90.71% |        3279      3.11%     93.83% |        3252      3.09%     96.92% |        3246      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       105290                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10843      3.78%      3.78% |        8925      3.11%      6.89% |        8974      3.13%     10.02% |        8923      3.11%     13.12% |        8913      3.11%     16.23% |        8891      3.10%     19.33% |        8901      3.10%     22.43% |        8888      3.10%     25.53% |        8907      3.10%     28.63% |        8948      3.12%     31.75% |        8960      3.12%     34.87% |        8918      3.11%     37.98% |        8917      3.11%     41.09% |        8922      3.11%     44.20% |        8918      3.11%     47.30% |        8890      3.10%     50.40% |        8934      3.11%     53.51% |        8903      3.10%     56.62% |        8918      3.11%     59.72% |        8877      3.09%     62.82% |        8889      3.10%     65.91% |        8892      3.10%     69.01% |        8894      3.10%     72.11% |        8866      3.09%     75.20% |        8926      3.11%     78.31% |        8954      3.12%     81.43% |        8934      3.11%     84.55% |        8865      3.09%     87.63% |        8907      3.10%     90.74% |        8880      3.09%     93.83% |        8855      3.09%     96.92% |        8844      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       286976                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9819      3.86%      3.86% |        7901      3.11%      6.97% |        7950      3.13%     10.10% |        7899      3.11%     13.21% |        7889      3.10%     16.31% |        7867      3.09%     19.40% |        7877      3.10%     22.50% |        7864      3.09%     25.60% |        7883      3.10%     28.70% |        7924      3.12%     31.81% |        7936      3.12%     34.94% |        7894      3.11%     38.04% |        7893      3.10%     41.15% |        7898      3.11%     44.25% |        7894      3.11%     47.36% |        7866      3.09%     50.45% |        7910      3.11%     53.56% |        7879      3.10%     56.66% |        7894      3.11%     59.77% |        7853      3.09%     62.86% |        7865      3.09%     65.95% |        7868      3.10%     69.05% |        7870      3.10%     72.14% |        7842      3.08%     75.23% |        7902      3.11%     78.34% |        7930      3.12%     81.46% |        7910      3.11%     84.57% |        7841      3.08%     87.65% |        7883      3.10%     90.75% |        7856      3.09%     93.84% |        7831      3.08%     96.92% |        7820      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       254208                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          54      4.03%      4.03% |          41      3.06%      7.08% |          44      3.28%     10.37% |          42      3.13%     13.50% |          41      3.06%     16.55% |          41      3.06%     19.61% |          40      2.98%     22.60% |          45      3.36%     25.95% |          43      3.21%     29.16% |          44      3.28%     32.44% |          43      3.21%     35.65% |          41      3.06%     38.70% |          43      3.21%     41.91% |          41      3.06%     44.97% |          44      3.28%     48.25% |          41      3.06%     51.30% |           6      0.45%     51.75% |          43      3.21%     54.96% |          46      3.43%     58.39% |          42      3.13%     61.52% |          40      2.98%     64.50% |          44      3.28%     67.79% |          46      3.43%     71.22% |          41      3.06%     74.27% |          42      3.13%     77.40% |          41      3.06%     80.46% |          43      3.21%     83.67% |          44      3.28%     86.95% |          45      3.36%     90.31% |          43      3.21%     93.51% |          45      3.36%     96.87% |          42      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         1341                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        3031     49.68%     49.68% |           3      0.05%     49.73% |           1      0.02%     49.75% |           1      0.02%     49.76% |           1      0.02%     49.78% |           1      0.02%     49.80% |           1      0.02%     49.81% |           2      0.03%     49.84% |           2      0.03%     49.88% |           1      0.02%     49.89% |           1      0.02%     49.91% |           1      0.02%     49.93% |           1      0.02%     49.94% |           2      0.03%     49.98% |           1      0.02%     49.99% |           1      0.02%     50.01% |        3046     49.93%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           1      0.02%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           1      0.02%     99.97% |           1      0.02%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total         6101                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2189     50.06%     50.06% |           1      0.02%     50.08% |           1      0.02%     50.10% |           1      0.02%     50.13% |           0      0.00%     50.13% |           0      0.00%     50.13% |           1      0.02%     50.15% |           0      0.00%     50.15% |           0      0.00%     50.15% |           1      0.02%     50.17% |           0      0.00%     50.17% |           0      0.00%     50.17% |           0      0.00%     50.17% |           0      0.00%     50.17% |           0      0.00%     50.17% |           0      0.00%     50.17% |        2179     49.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         4373                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2605     11.32%     11.32% |         586      2.55%     13.87% |         598      2.60%     16.47% |         598      2.60%     19.07% |         603      2.62%     21.69% |         591      2.57%     24.25% |         603      2.62%     26.88% |         606      2.63%     29.51% |         591      2.57%     32.08% |         602      2.62%     34.69% |         631      2.74%     37.44% |         627      2.72%     40.16% |         630      2.74%     42.90% |         628      2.73%     45.63% |         634      2.76%     48.38% |         636      2.76%     51.15% |        2610     11.34%     62.49% |         582      2.53%     65.02% |         579      2.52%     67.54% |         562      2.44%     69.98% |         560      2.43%     72.41% |         568      2.47%     74.88% |         563      2.45%     77.33% |         561      2.44%     79.77% |         590      2.56%     82.33% |         600      2.61%     84.94% |         605      2.63%     87.57% |         572      2.49%     90.05% |         573      2.49%     92.54% |         576      2.50%     95.05% |         572      2.49%     97.53% |         568      2.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        23010                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        3031     49.84%     49.84% |           1      0.02%     49.85% |           1      0.02%     49.87% |           1      0.02%     49.88% |           0      0.00%     49.88% |           0      0.00%     49.88% |           1      0.02%     49.90% |           0      0.00%     49.90% |           0      0.00%     49.90% |           1      0.02%     49.92% |           0      0.00%     49.92% |           0      0.00%     49.92% |           0      0.00%     49.92% |           0      0.00%     49.92% |           0      0.00%     49.92% |           0      0.00%     49.92% |        3046     50.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         6082                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       60441     12.24%     12.24% |       15544      3.15%     15.38% |       12750      2.58%     17.96% |       14804      3.00%     20.96% |       13333      2.70%     23.66% |       12717      2.57%     26.23% |       12240      2.48%     28.71% |       12902      2.61%     31.32% |       13097      2.65%     33.97% |       12757      2.58%     36.56% |       15510      3.14%     39.70% |       15760      3.19%     42.89% |       14129      2.86%     45.75% |       13214      2.67%     48.42% |       12001      2.43%     50.85% |       12462      2.52%     53.37% |       13999      2.83%     56.21% |       12805      2.59%     58.80% |       13240      2.68%     61.48% |       14226      2.88%     64.36% |       14904      3.02%     67.38% |       15894      3.22%     70.59% |       13720      2.78%     73.37% |       13755      2.78%     76.15% |       13836      2.80%     78.96% |       13398      2.71%     81.67% |       13250      2.68%     84.35% |       12960      2.62%     86.97% |       15563      3.15%     90.12% |       13986      2.83%     92.95% |       16356      3.31%     96.27% |       18447      3.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       494000                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         172     12.13%     12.13% |          42      2.96%     15.09% |          40      2.82%     17.91% |          42      2.96%     20.87% |          40      2.82%     23.70% |          42      2.96%     26.66% |          40      2.82%     29.48% |          40      2.82%     32.30% |          40      2.82%     35.12% |          40      2.82%     37.94% |          40      2.82%     40.76% |          40      2.82%     43.58% |          40      2.82%     46.40% |          40      2.82%     49.22% |          40      2.82%     52.05% |          40      2.82%     54.87% |          40      2.82%     57.69% |          40      2.82%     60.51% |          40      2.82%     63.33% |          40      2.82%     66.15% |          40      2.82%     68.97% |          40      2.82%     71.79% |          40      2.82%     74.61% |          40      2.82%     77.43% |          40      2.82%     80.25% |          40      2.82%     83.07% |          40      2.82%     85.90% |          40      2.82%     88.72% |          40      2.82%     91.54% |          40      2.82%     94.36% |          40      2.82%     97.18% |          40      2.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1418                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         398      3.22%      3.22% |         358      2.90%      6.12% |         375      3.04%      9.16% |         371      3.00%     12.16% |         378      3.06%     15.22% |         365      2.95%     18.17% |         379      3.07%     21.24% |         386      3.12%     24.37% |         373      3.02%     27.39% |         383      3.10%     30.49% |         407      3.29%     33.78% |         404      3.27%     37.05% |         412      3.34%     40.39% |         407      3.29%     43.68% |         408      3.30%     46.98% |         405      3.28%     50.26% |         413      3.34%     53.61% |         390      3.16%     56.76% |         389      3.15%     59.91% |         370      3.00%     62.91% |         363      2.94%     65.85% |         370      3.00%     68.84% |         369      2.99%     71.83% |         367      2.97%     74.80% |         395      3.20%     78.00% |         406      3.29%     81.28% |         412      3.34%     84.62% |         380      3.08%     87.70% |         382      3.09%     90.79% |         382      3.09%     93.88% |         384      3.11%     96.99% |         372      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12353                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5740      4.63%      4.63% |        3870      3.12%      7.75% |        3893      3.14%     10.89% |        3839      3.10%     13.98% |        3831      3.09%     17.07% |        3815      3.08%     20.15% |        3812      3.07%     23.22% |        3808      3.07%     26.29% |        3824      3.08%     29.37% |        3854      3.11%     32.48% |        3857      3.11%     35.59% |        3799      3.06%     38.65% |        3805      3.07%     41.72% |        3812      3.07%     44.80% |        3808      3.07%     47.87% |        3787      3.05%     50.92% |        3805      3.07%     53.99% |        3803      3.07%     57.05% |        3818      3.08%     60.13% |        3801      3.06%     63.20% |        3817      3.08%     66.27% |        3800      3.06%     69.34% |        3824      3.08%     72.42% |        3792      3.06%     75.48% |        3811      3.07%     78.55% |        3838      3.09%     81.65% |        3806      3.07%     84.72% |        3784      3.05%     87.77% |        3822      3.08%     90.85% |        3799      3.06%     93.91% |        3768      3.04%     96.95% |        3784      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       124026                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        4705      3.12%      3.12% |        4697      3.12%      6.24% |        4706      3.12%      9.37% |        4713      3.13%     12.50% |        4704      3.12%     15.62% |        4711      3.13%     18.75% |        4710      3.13%     21.88% |        4694      3.12%     24.99% |        4710      3.13%     28.12% |        4711      3.13%     31.25% |        4696      3.12%     34.37% |        4715      3.13%     37.50% |        4700      3.12%     40.62% |        4703      3.12%     43.74% |        4702      3.12%     46.86% |        4698      3.12%     49.98% |        4716      3.13%     53.12% |        4710      3.13%     56.24% |        4712      3.13%     59.37% |        4706      3.12%     62.50% |        4709      3.13%     65.62% |        4722      3.14%     68.76% |        4701      3.12%     71.88% |        4707      3.13%     75.01% |        4720      3.13%     78.14% |        4710      3.13%     81.27% |        4716      3.13%     84.40% |        4702      3.12%     87.52% |        4703      3.12%     90.64% |        4699      3.12%     93.76% |        4703      3.12%     96.89% |        4688      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       150599                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     10.34%     10.34% |           1      3.45%     13.79% |           1      3.45%     17.24% |           1      3.45%     20.69% |           1      3.45%     24.14% |           1      3.45%     27.59% |           3     10.34%     37.93% |           2      6.90%     44.83% |           1      3.45%     48.28% |           1      3.45%     51.72% |           1      3.45%     55.17% |           1      3.45%     58.62% |           2      6.90%     65.52% |           2      6.90%     72.41% |           2      6.90%     79.31% |           0      0.00%     79.31% |           2      6.90%     86.21% |           0      0.00%     86.21% |           0      0.00%     86.21% |           1      3.45%     89.66% |           0      0.00%     89.66% |           0      0.00%     89.66% |           0      0.00%     89.66% |           0      0.00%     89.66% |           1      3.45%     93.10% |           1      3.45%     96.55% |           0      0.00%     96.55% |           1      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3338      3.07%      3.07% |        3299      3.03%      6.10% |        3020      2.78%      8.88% |        3048      2.80%     11.68% |        3096      2.85%     14.53% |        3609      3.32%     17.85% |        3310      3.04%     20.89% |        2851      2.62%     23.51% |        3076      2.83%     26.34% |        4600      4.23%     30.57% |        3405      3.13%     33.70% |        3319      3.05%     36.76% |        3042      2.80%     39.55% |        3823      3.52%     43.07% |        3371      3.10%     46.17% |        3274      3.01%     49.18% |        3669      3.37%     52.55% |        3679      3.38%     55.94% |        3166      2.91%     58.85% |        2900      2.67%     61.51% |        2632      2.42%     63.93% |        3209      2.95%     66.88% |        3058      2.81%     69.70% |        2937      2.70%     72.40% |        3152      2.90%     75.30% |        3202      2.94%     78.24% |        2709      2.49%     80.73% |        4192      3.85%     84.59% |        3519      3.24%     87.82% |        4712      4.33%     92.15% |        4561      4.19%     96.35% |        3971      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108749                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          38      5.58%      5.58% |          24      3.52%      9.10% |           6      0.88%      9.99% |          24      3.52%     13.51% |          15      2.20%     15.71% |         352     51.69%     67.40% |          22      3.23%     70.63% |           6      0.88%     71.51% |           3      0.44%     71.95% |           0      0.00%     71.95% |          12      1.76%     73.72% |           9      1.32%     75.04% |           3      0.44%     75.48% |           7      1.03%     76.51% |          22      3.23%     79.74% |           7      1.03%     80.76% |           5      0.73%     81.50% |           7      1.03%     82.53% |          57      8.37%     90.90% |          16      2.35%     93.25% |           0      0.00%     93.25% |          12      1.76%     95.01% |           4      0.59%     95.59% |           3      0.44%     96.04% |           5      0.73%     96.77% |           5      0.73%     97.50% |           2      0.29%     97.80% |           3      0.44%     98.24% |           3      0.44%     98.68% |           0      0.00%     98.68% |           2      0.29%     98.97% |           7      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          681                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           2      7.69%     38.46% |           4     15.38%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           3     11.54%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           4     15.38%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           4     22.22%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           7     38.89%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           3     13.64%     27.27% |           2      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           2      9.09%     45.45% |           3     13.64%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2588     15.49%     15.49% |         358      2.14%     17.63% |         373      2.23%     19.86% |         372      2.23%     22.09% |         379      2.27%     24.36% |         368      2.20%     26.56% |         379      2.27%     28.83% |         385      2.30%     31.13% |         370      2.21%     33.35% |         381      2.28%     35.63% |         408      2.44%     38.07% |         406      2.43%     40.50% |         412      2.47%     42.96% |         408      2.44%     45.40% |         410      2.45%     47.86% |         403      2.41%     50.27% |        2590     15.50%     65.77% |         389      2.33%     68.10% |         387      2.32%     70.41% |         367      2.20%     72.61% |         362      2.17%     74.78% |         370      2.21%     76.99% |         371      2.22%     79.21% |         367      2.20%     81.41% |         396      2.37%     83.78% |         407      2.44%     86.21% |         413      2.47%     88.68% |         377      2.26%     90.94% |         379      2.27%     93.21% |         379      2.27%     95.48% |         382      2.29%     97.76% |         374      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16710                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      6.06%      6.06% |           8      8.08%     14.14% |           4      4.04%     18.18% |           7      7.07%     25.25% |           2      2.02%     27.27% |           6      6.06%     33.33% |           4      4.04%     37.37% |           1      1.01%     38.38% |           0      0.00%     38.38% |           0      0.00%     38.38% |           2      2.02%     40.40% |           3      3.03%     43.43% |           3      3.03%     46.46% |           1      1.01%     47.47% |           8      8.08%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      1.01%     56.57% |           1      1.01%     57.58% |          14     14.14%     71.72% |           3      3.03%     74.75% |           1      1.01%     75.76% |           3      3.03%     78.79% |           2      2.02%     80.81% |           3      3.03%     83.84% |           4      4.04%     87.88% |           2      2.02%     89.90% |           2      2.02%     91.92% |           2      2.02%     93.94% |           1      1.01%     94.95% |           0      0.00%     94.95% |           1      1.01%     95.96% |           4      4.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           99                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       38246     28.14%     28.14% |        3910      2.88%     31.02% |        2559      1.88%     32.90% |        3477      2.56%     35.46% |        2872      2.11%     37.57% |        2338      1.72%     39.29% |        2274      1.67%     40.96% |        2453      1.80%     42.77% |        2723      2.00%     44.77% |        2732      2.01%     46.78% |        4786      3.52%     50.30% |        5325      3.92%     54.22% |        3896      2.87%     57.09% |        2597      1.91%     59.00% |        2098      1.54%     60.54% |        2513      1.85%     62.39% |        3446      2.54%     64.93% |        2743      2.02%     66.94% |        2990      2.20%     69.14% |        3145      2.31%     71.46% |        3405      2.51%     73.96% |        3830      2.82%     76.78% |        2803      2.06%     78.84% |        2818      2.07%     80.92% |        2751      2.02%     82.94% |        2662      1.96%     84.90% |        2505      1.84%     86.74% |        2212      1.63%     88.37% |        3309      2.43%     90.80% |        2620      1.93%     92.73% |        3464      2.55%     95.28% |        6414      4.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       135916                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       11245     13.65%     13.65% |        3061      3.71%     17.36% |        1589      1.93%     19.29% |        2771      3.36%     22.65% |        1926      2.34%     24.99% |        1853      2.25%     27.24% |        1444      1.75%     28.99% |        1947      2.36%     31.35% |        1840      2.23%     33.58% |        1460      1.77%     35.36% |        2171      2.63%     37.99% |        1921      2.33%     40.32% |        1725      2.09%     42.41% |        2102      2.55%     44.97% |        1389      1.69%     46.65% |        1464      1.78%     48.43% |        1526      1.85%     50.28% |        1549      1.88%     52.16% |        1709      2.07%     54.23% |        2572      3.12%     57.35% |        2973      3.61%     60.96% |        3541      4.30%     65.26% |        2392      2.90%     68.16% |        2437      2.96%     71.12% |        2553      3.10%     74.22% |        2188      2.66%     76.87% |        2222      2.70%     79.57% |        2260      2.74%     82.31% |        3728      4.52%     86.83% |        2868      3.48%     90.31% |        4421      5.36%     95.68% |        3561      4.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        82408                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        6356      4.29%      4.29% |        4561      3.08%      7.37% |        4582      3.09%     10.47% |        4566      3.08%     13.55% |        4552      3.07%     16.62% |        4563      3.08%     19.70% |        4568      3.08%     22.79% |        4558      3.08%     25.87% |        4574      3.09%     28.96% |        4580      3.09%     32.05% |        4577      3.09%     35.14% |        4574      3.09%     38.23% |        4558      3.08%     41.31% |        4568      3.08%     44.39% |        4560      3.08%     47.47% |        4561      3.08%     50.55% |        4629      3.13%     53.68% |        4575      3.09%     56.77% |        4589      3.10%     59.86% |        4582      3.09%     62.96% |        4574      3.09%     66.05% |        4589      3.10%     69.15% |        4577      3.09%     72.24% |        4574      3.09%     75.33% |        4587      3.10%     78.42% |        4587      3.10%     81.52% |        4580      3.09%     84.61% |        4568      3.08%     87.70% |        4570      3.09%     90.78% |        4550      3.07%     93.86% |        4551      3.07%     96.93% |        4546      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       148086                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |         770      0.95%      0.95% |        2690      3.32%      4.27% |        2706      3.34%      7.60% |        2672      3.29%     10.90% |        2672      3.29%     14.19% |        2650      3.27%     17.46% |        2646      3.26%     20.72% |        2633      3.25%     23.97% |        2653      3.27%     27.24% |        2678      3.30%     30.54% |        2664      3.28%     33.83% |        2631      3.24%     37.07% |        2641      3.26%     40.33% |        2639      3.25%     43.58% |        2635      3.25%     46.83% |        2607      3.21%     50.05% |         645      0.80%     50.84% |        2659      3.28%     54.12% |        2661      3.28%     57.40% |        2647      3.26%     60.67% |        2670      3.29%     63.96% |        2647      3.26%     67.22% |        2664      3.28%     70.51% |        2646      3.26%     73.77% |        2663      3.28%     77.05% |        2681      3.31%     80.36% |        2661      3.28%     83.64% |        2638      3.25%     86.89% |        2674      3.30%     90.19% |        2667      3.29%     93.48% |        2643      3.26%     96.74% |        2644      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        81097                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          34      5.18%      5.18% |          21      3.20%      8.37% |          20      3.04%     11.42% |          21      3.20%     14.61% |          20      3.04%     17.66% |          21      3.20%     20.85% |          20      3.04%     23.90% |          20      3.04%     26.94% |          20      3.04%     29.98% |          20      3.04%     33.03% |          20      3.04%     36.07% |          20      3.04%     39.12% |          20      3.04%     42.16% |          20      3.04%     45.21% |          20      3.04%     48.25% |          20      3.04%     51.29% |          20      3.04%     54.34% |          20      3.04%     57.38% |          20      3.04%     60.43% |          20      3.04%     63.47% |          20      3.04%     66.51% |          20      3.04%     69.56% |          20      3.04%     72.60% |          20      3.04%     75.65% |          20      3.04%     78.69% |          20      3.04%     81.74% |          20      3.04%     84.78% |          20      3.04%     87.82% |          20      3.04%     90.87% |          20      3.04%     93.91% |          20      3.04%     96.96% |          20      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        3031     49.84%     49.84% |           1      0.02%     49.85% |           1      0.02%     49.87% |           1      0.02%     49.88% |           0      0.00%     49.88% |           0      0.00%     49.88% |           1      0.02%     49.90% |           0      0.00%     49.90% |           0      0.00%     49.90% |           1      0.02%     49.92% |           0      0.00%     49.92% |           0      0.00%     49.92% |           0      0.00%     49.92% |           0      0.00%     49.92% |           0      0.00%     49.92% |           0      0.00%     49.92% |        3046     50.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         6082                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         502     49.85%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |         505     50.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total         1007                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       56775     12.19%     12.19% |       14822      3.18%     15.37% |       12033      2.58%     17.95% |       14087      3.02%     20.97% |       12616      2.71%     23.68% |       12003      2.58%     26.26% |       11532      2.48%     28.73% |       12189      2.62%     31.35% |       12388      2.66%     34.01% |       12049      2.59%     36.60% |       14798      3.18%     39.77% |       15054      3.23%     43.00% |       13424      2.88%     45.89% |       12508      2.68%     48.57% |       11290      2.42%     50.99% |       11744      2.52%     53.51% |       10383      2.23%     55.74% |       12130      2.60%     58.35% |       12564      2.70%     61.04% |       13549      2.91%     63.95% |       14226      3.05%     67.01% |       15212      3.27%     70.27% |       13042      2.80%     73.07% |       13081      2.81%     75.88% |       13161      2.83%     78.70% |       12724      2.73%     81.43% |       12573      2.70%     84.13% |       12282      2.64%     86.77% |       14883      3.19%     89.96% |       13306      2.86%     92.82% |       15677      3.37%     96.19% |       17769      3.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       465874                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |          10      9.71%      9.71% |           7      6.80%     16.50% |           6      5.83%     22.33% |           6      5.83%     28.16% |           7      6.80%     34.95% |           6      5.83%     40.78% |           3      2.91%     43.69% |           2      1.94%     45.63% |           1      0.97%     46.60% |           0      0.00%     46.60% |           4      3.88%     50.49% |           1      0.97%     51.46% |           1      0.97%     52.43% |           2      1.94%     54.37% |           0      0.00%     54.37% |           1      0.97%     55.34% |           3      2.91%     58.25% |           0      0.00%     58.25% |           2      1.94%     60.19% |           1      0.97%     61.17% |           1      0.97%     62.14% |           5      4.85%     66.99% |           2      1.94%     68.93% |           1      0.97%     69.90% |           2      1.94%     71.84% |           1      0.97%     72.82% |           2      1.94%     74.76% |           2      1.94%     76.70% |           3      2.91%     79.61% |           7      6.80%     86.41% |           8      7.77%     94.17% |           6      5.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          103                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |           8      0.11%      0.11% |         262      3.50%      3.61% |         260      3.47%      7.08% |         260      3.47%     10.56% |         259      3.46%     14.02% |         257      3.43%     17.45% |         258      3.45%     20.90% |         266      3.55%     24.46% |         265      3.54%     28.00% |         264      3.53%     31.52% |         263      3.51%     35.04% |         262      3.50%     38.54% |         261      3.49%     42.03% |         261      3.49%     45.52% |         268      3.58%     49.10% |         274      3.66%     52.76% |          23      0.31%     53.07% |         236      3.15%     56.22% |         235      3.14%     59.36% |         236      3.15%     62.52% |         238      3.18%     65.70% |         236      3.15%     68.85% |         236      3.15%     72.00% |         233      3.11%     75.12% |         233      3.11%     78.23% |         234      3.13%     81.36% |         234      3.13%     84.48% |         236      3.15%     87.64% |         237      3.17%     90.81% |         233      3.11%     93.92% |         227      3.03%     96.95% |         228      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         7483                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          52    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     22.22%     22.22% |           2     22.22%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           2     22.22%     66.67% |           1     11.11%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9819      3.86%      3.86% |        7901      3.11%      6.97% |        7950      3.13%     10.10% |        7899      3.11%     13.21% |        7889      3.10%     16.31% |        7867      3.09%     19.40% |        7877      3.10%     22.50% |        7864      3.09%     25.60% |        7883      3.10%     28.70% |        7924      3.12%     31.81% |        7936      3.12%     34.94% |        7894      3.11%     38.04% |        7893      3.10%     41.15% |        7898      3.11%     44.25% |        7894      3.11%     47.36% |        7866      3.09%     50.45% |        7910      3.11%     53.56% |        7879      3.10%     56.66% |        7894      3.11%     59.77% |        7853      3.09%     62.86% |        7865      3.09%     65.95% |        7868      3.10%     69.05% |        7870      3.10%     72.14% |        7842      3.08%     75.23% |        7902      3.11%     78.34% |        7930      3.12%     81.46% |        7910      3.11%     84.57% |        7841      3.08%     87.65% |        7883      3.10%     90.75% |        7856      3.09%     93.84% |        7831      3.08%     96.92% |        7820      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       254208                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          34      5.18%      5.18% |          21      3.20%      8.37% |          20      3.04%     11.42% |          21      3.20%     14.61% |          20      3.04%     17.66% |          21      3.20%     20.85% |          20      3.04%     23.90% |          20      3.04%     26.94% |          20      3.04%     29.98% |          20      3.04%     33.03% |          20      3.04%     36.07% |          20      3.04%     39.12% |          20      3.04%     42.16% |          20      3.04%     45.21% |          20      3.04%     48.25% |          20      3.04%     51.29% |          20      3.04%     54.34% |          20      3.04%     57.38% |          20      3.04%     60.43% |          20      3.04%     63.47% |          20      3.04%     66.51% |          20      3.04%     69.56% |          20      3.04%     72.60% |          20      3.04%     75.65% |          20      3.04%     78.69% |          20      3.04%     81.74% |          20      3.04%     84.78% |          20      3.04%     87.82% |          20      3.04%     90.87% |          20      3.04%     93.91% |          20      3.04%     96.96% |          20      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          51     57.95%     57.95% |           1      1.14%     59.09% |           1      1.14%     60.23% |           0      0.00%     60.23% |           0      0.00%     60.23% |           2      2.27%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1      1.14%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           2      2.27%     65.91% |           1      1.14%     67.05% |           1      1.14%     68.18% |           2      2.27%     70.45% |           0      0.00%     70.45% |           0      0.00%     70.45% |           2      2.27%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           2      2.27%     75.00% |           1      1.14%     76.14% |           0      0.00%     76.14% |           3      3.41%     79.55% |           2      2.27%     81.82% |           1      1.14%     82.95% |           2      2.27%     85.23% |           1      1.14%     86.36% |           2      2.27%     88.64% |           2      2.27%     90.91% |           3      3.41%     94.32% |           2      2.27%     96.59% |           2      2.27%     98.86% |           1      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           88                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |          11     16.42%     16.42% |           6      8.96%     25.37% |           5      7.46%     32.84% |           6      8.96%     41.79% |           7     10.45%     52.24% |           4      5.97%     58.21% |           3      4.48%     62.69% |           1      1.49%     64.18% |           1      1.49%     65.67% |           0      0.00%     65.67% |           2      2.99%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           1      1.49%     70.15% |           1      1.49%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           1      1.49%     73.13% |           2      2.99%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           5      7.46%     83.58% |           6      8.96%     92.54% |           5      7.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           67                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          52    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     10.34%     10.34% |           1      3.45%     13.79% |           1      3.45%     17.24% |           1      3.45%     20.69% |           1      3.45%     24.14% |           1      3.45%     27.59% |           3     10.34%     37.93% |           2      6.90%     44.83% |           1      3.45%     48.28% |           1      3.45%     51.72% |           1      3.45%     55.17% |           1      3.45%     58.62% |           2      6.90%     65.52% |           2      6.90%     72.41% |           2      6.90%     79.31% |           0      0.00%     79.31% |           2      6.90%     86.21% |           0      0.00%     86.21% |           0      0.00%     86.21% |           1      3.45%     89.66% |           0      0.00%     89.66% |           0      0.00%     89.66% |           0      0.00%     89.66% |           0      0.00%     89.66% |           1      3.45%     93.10% |           1      3.45%     96.55% |           0      0.00%     96.55% |           1      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           3      0.24%      0.24% |          39      3.12%      3.37% |          42      3.37%      6.73% |          41      3.29%     10.02% |          41      3.29%     13.30% |          39      3.12%     16.43% |          39      3.12%     19.55% |          44      3.53%     23.08% |          43      3.45%     26.52% |          43      3.45%     29.97% |          41      3.29%     33.25% |          40      3.21%     36.46% |          42      3.37%     39.82% |          39      3.12%     42.95% |          44      3.53%     46.47% |          41      3.29%     49.76% |           4      0.32%     50.08% |          43      3.45%     53.53% |          44      3.53%     57.05% |          41      3.29%     60.34% |          40      3.21%     63.54% |          41      3.29%     66.83% |          44      3.53%     70.35% |          40      3.21%     73.56% |          40      3.21%     76.76% |          40      3.21%     79.97% |          41      3.29%     83.25% |          42      3.37%     86.62% |          42      3.37%     89.98% |          41      3.29%     93.27% |          43      3.45%     96.71% |          41      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total         1248                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     12.50%     12.50% |           1      4.17%     16.67% |           1      4.17%     20.83% |           1      4.17%     25.00% |           1      4.17%     29.17% |           1      4.17%     33.33% |           2      8.33%     41.67% |           2      8.33%     50.00% |           1      4.17%     54.17% |           1      4.17%     58.33% |           1      4.17%     62.50% |           1      4.17%     66.67% |           2      8.33%     75.00% |           1      4.17%     79.17% |           1      4.17%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      4.17%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      4.17%     91.67% |           1      4.17%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           1      4.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total           24                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |           5      0.08%      0.08% |         220      3.54%      3.62% |         217      3.49%      7.12% |         218      3.51%     10.63% |         217      3.49%     14.12% |         217      3.49%     17.61% |         218      3.51%     21.12% |         220      3.54%     24.67% |         220      3.54%     28.21% |         220      3.54%     31.75% |         221      3.56%     35.31% |         221      3.56%     38.87% |         218      3.51%     42.38% |         220      3.54%     45.92% |         223      3.59%     49.51% |         232      3.74%     53.24% |          19      0.31%     53.55% |         193      3.11%     56.66% |         191      3.08%     59.73% |         195      3.14%     62.87% |         197      3.17%     66.04% |         195      3.14%     69.18% |         192      3.09%     72.27% |         193      3.11%     75.38% |         193      3.11%     78.49% |         193      3.11%     81.60% |         192      3.09%     84.69% |         194      3.12%     87.81% |         194      3.12%     90.94% |         192      3.09%     94.03% |         184      2.96%     96.99% |         187      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         6211                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        2189     50.11%     50.11% |           0      0.00%     50.11% |           0      0.00%     50.11% |           0      0.00%     50.11% |           0      0.00%     50.11% |           0      0.00%     50.11% |           0      0.00%     50.11% |           0      0.00%     50.11% |           0      0.00%     50.11% |           0      0.00%     50.11% |           0      0.00%     50.11% |           0      0.00%     50.11% |           0      0.00%     50.11% |           0      0.00%     50.11% |           0      0.00%     50.11% |           0      0.00%     50.11% |        2179     49.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total         4368                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2588     15.49%     15.49% |         358      2.14%     17.63% |         373      2.23%     19.86% |         372      2.23%     22.09% |         379      2.27%     24.36% |         368      2.20%     26.56% |         379      2.27%     28.83% |         385      2.30%     31.13% |         370      2.21%     33.35% |         381      2.28%     35.63% |         408      2.44%     38.07% |         406      2.43%     40.50% |         412      2.47%     42.96% |         408      2.44%     45.40% |         410      2.45%     47.86% |         403      2.41%     50.27% |        2590     15.50%     65.77% |         389      2.33%     68.10% |         387      2.32%     70.41% |         367      2.20%     72.61% |         362      2.17%     74.78% |         370      2.21%     76.99% |         371      2.22%     79.21% |         367      2.20%     81.41% |         396      2.37%     83.78% |         407      2.44%     86.21% |         413      2.47%     88.68% |         377      2.26%     90.94% |         379      2.27%     93.21% |         379      2.27%     95.48% |         382      2.29%     97.76% |         374      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16710                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           3     13.64%     27.27% |           2      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           2      9.09%     45.45% |           3     13.64%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5740      4.63%      4.63% |        3870      3.12%      7.75% |        3893      3.14%     10.89% |        3839      3.10%     13.98% |        3831      3.09%     17.07% |        3815      3.08%     20.15% |        3812      3.07%     23.22% |        3808      3.07%     26.29% |        3824      3.08%     29.37% |        3854      3.11%     32.48% |        3857      3.11%     35.59% |        3799      3.06%     38.65% |        3805      3.07%     41.72% |        3812      3.07%     44.80% |        3808      3.07%     47.87% |        3787      3.05%     50.92% |        3805      3.07%     53.99% |        3803      3.07%     57.05% |        3818      3.08%     60.13% |        3801      3.06%     63.20% |        3817      3.08%     66.27% |        3800      3.06%     69.34% |        3824      3.08%     72.42% |        3792      3.06%     75.48% |        3811      3.07%     78.55% |        3838      3.09%     81.65% |        3806      3.07%     84.72% |        3784      3.05%     87.77% |        3822      3.08%     90.85% |        3799      3.06%     93.91% |        3768      3.04%     96.95% |        3784      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       124026                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         398      3.22%      3.22% |         358      2.90%      6.12% |         375      3.04%      9.16% |         371      3.00%     12.16% |         378      3.06%     15.22% |         365      2.96%     18.18% |         379      3.07%     21.25% |         386      3.13%     24.37% |         373      3.02%     27.39% |         383      3.10%     30.49% |         407      3.30%     33.79% |         404      3.27%     37.06% |         412      3.34%     40.39% |         407      3.30%     43.69% |         408      3.30%     46.99% |         405      3.28%     50.27% |         413      3.34%     53.62% |         390      3.16%     56.77% |         388      3.14%     59.91% |         370      3.00%     62.91% |         363      2.94%     65.85% |         370      3.00%     68.84% |         369      2.99%     71.83% |         367      2.97%     74.80% |         395      3.20%     78.00% |         406      3.29%     81.29% |         412      3.34%     84.62% |         379      3.07%     87.69% |         382      3.09%     90.79% |         382      3.09%     93.88% |         384      3.11%     96.99% |         372      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        12351                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        4705      3.12%      3.12% |        4697      3.12%      6.24% |        4706      3.12%      9.37% |        4713      3.13%     12.50% |        4704      3.12%     15.62% |        4711      3.13%     18.75% |        4710      3.13%     21.88% |        4694      3.12%     24.99% |        4710      3.13%     28.12% |        4711      3.13%     31.25% |        4696      3.12%     34.37% |        4715      3.13%     37.50% |        4700      3.12%     40.62% |        4703      3.12%     43.74% |        4702      3.12%     46.86% |        4698      3.12%     49.98% |        4716      3.13%     53.12% |        4710      3.13%     56.24% |        4712      3.13%     59.37% |        4706      3.12%     62.50% |        4709      3.13%     65.62% |        4722      3.14%     68.76% |        4701      3.12%     71.88% |        4707      3.13%     75.01% |        4720      3.13%     78.14% |        4710      3.13%     81.27% |        4716      3.13%     84.40% |        4702      3.12%     87.52% |        4703      3.12%     90.64% |        4699      3.12%     93.76% |        4703      3.12%     96.89% |        4688      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       150599                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.82%      6.82% |           6     13.64%     20.45% |           3      6.82%     27.27% |           4      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           3      6.82%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           4      9.09%     52.27% |           0      0.00%     52.27% |           1      2.27%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |          11     25.00%     79.55% |           2      4.55%     84.09% |           0      0.00%     84.09% |           1      2.27%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      2.27%     88.64% |           1      2.27%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      2.27%     93.18% |           2      4.55%     97.73% |           1      2.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           44                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       60438     12.24%     12.24% |       15538      3.15%     15.38% |       12747      2.58%     17.96% |       14800      3.00%     20.96% |       13333      2.70%     23.66% |       12717      2.57%     26.23% |       12240      2.48%     28.71% |       12902      2.61%     31.32% |       13097      2.65%     33.97% |       12757      2.58%     36.56% |       15510      3.14%     39.70% |       15760      3.19%     42.89% |       14126      2.86%     45.75% |       13214      2.68%     48.42% |       11997      2.43%     50.85% |       12462      2.52%     53.37% |       13998      2.83%     56.21% |       12805      2.59%     58.80% |       13229      2.68%     61.48% |       14224      2.88%     64.36% |       14904      3.02%     67.37% |       15893      3.22%     70.59% |       13720      2.78%     73.37% |       13754      2.78%     76.15% |       13835      2.80%     78.95% |       13398      2.71%     81.67% |       13249      2.68%     84.35% |       12958      2.62%     86.97% |       15562      3.15%     90.12% |       13986      2.83%     92.95% |       16356      3.31%     96.27% |       18447      3.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       493956                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        2915     50.54%     50.54% |           0      0.00%     50.54% |           0      0.00%     50.54% |           0      0.00%     50.54% |           0      0.00%     50.54% |           0      0.00%     50.54% |           0      0.00%     50.54% |           0      0.00%     50.54% |           0      0.00%     50.54% |           0      0.00%     50.54% |           0      0.00%     50.54% |           0      0.00%     50.54% |           0      0.00%     50.54% |           0      0.00%     50.54% |           0      0.00%     50.54% |           0      0.00%     50.54% |        2853     49.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total         5768                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |         116     37.54%     37.54% |           0      0.00%     37.54% |           0      0.00%     37.54% |           0      0.00%     37.54% |           0      0.00%     37.54% |           0      0.00%     37.54% |           0      0.00%     37.54% |           0      0.00%     37.54% |           0      0.00%     37.54% |           0      0.00%     37.54% |           0      0.00%     37.54% |           0      0.00%     37.54% |           0      0.00%     37.54% |           0      0.00%     37.54% |           0      0.00%     37.54% |           0      0.00%     37.54% |         193     62.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total          309                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |         116     37.54%     37.54% |           0      0.00%     37.54% |           0      0.00%     37.54% |           0      0.00%     37.54% |           0      0.00%     37.54% |           0      0.00%     37.54% |           0      0.00%     37.54% |           0      0.00%     37.54% |           0      0.00%     37.54% |           0      0.00%     37.54% |           0      0.00%     37.54% |           0      0.00%     37.54% |           0      0.00%     37.54% |           0      0.00%     37.54% |           0      0.00%     37.54% |           0      0.00%     37.54% |         193     62.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          309                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        2915     50.49%     50.49% |           1      0.02%     50.51% |           1      0.02%     50.53% |           1      0.02%     50.55% |           0      0.00%     50.55% |           0      0.00%     50.55% |           1      0.02%     50.56% |           0      0.00%     50.56% |           0      0.00%     50.56% |           1      0.02%     50.58% |           0      0.00%     50.58% |           0      0.00%     50.58% |           0      0.00%     50.58% |           0      0.00%     50.58% |           0      0.00%     50.58% |           0      0.00%     50.58% |        2853     49.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         5773                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       17075     10.35%     10.35% |       82451     50.00%     60.35% |        2142      1.30%     61.65% |        2215      1.34%     63.00% |        2028      1.23%     64.23% |        2276      1.38%     65.61% |        2105      1.28%     66.88% |        2346      1.42%     68.31% |        2129      1.29%     69.60% |        2174      1.32%     70.92% |        2102      1.27%     72.19% |        2103      1.28%     73.47% |        2082      1.26%     74.73% |        2275      1.38%     76.11% |        2184      1.32%     77.43% |        2306      1.40%     78.83% |        2165      1.31%     80.14% |        2126      1.29%     81.43% |        2156      1.31%     82.74% |        2184      1.32%     84.06% |        2162      1.31%     85.38% |        2307      1.40%     86.77% |        2238      1.36%     88.13% |        2134      1.29%     89.43% |        2024      1.23%     90.65% |        2071      1.26%     91.91% |        2247      1.36%     93.27% |        2202      1.34%     94.61% |        2279      1.38%     95.99% |        2261      1.37%     97.36% |        2125      1.29%     98.65% |        2228      1.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       164902                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       17075     10.35%     10.35% |       82451     50.00%     60.35% |        2142      1.30%     61.65% |        2215      1.34%     63.00% |        2028      1.23%     64.23% |        2276      1.38%     65.61% |        2105      1.28%     66.88% |        2346      1.42%     68.31% |        2129      1.29%     69.60% |        2174      1.32%     70.92% |        2102      1.27%     72.19% |        2103      1.28%     73.47% |        2082      1.26%     74.73% |        2275      1.38%     76.11% |        2184      1.32%     77.43% |        2306      1.40%     78.83% |        2165      1.31%     80.14% |        2126      1.29%     81.43% |        2156      1.31%     82.74% |        2184      1.32%     84.06% |        2162      1.31%     85.38% |        2307      1.40%     86.77% |        2238      1.36%     88.13% |        2134      1.29%     89.43% |        2024      1.23%     90.65% |        2071      1.26%     91.91% |        2247      1.36%     93.27% |        2202      1.34%     94.61% |        2279      1.38%     95.99% |        2261      1.37%     97.36% |        2125      1.29%     98.65% |        2228      1.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       164902                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       17075     10.35%     10.35% |       82451     50.00%     60.35% |        2142      1.30%     61.65% |        2215      1.34%     63.00% |        2028      1.23%     64.23% |        2276      1.38%     65.61% |        2105      1.28%     66.88% |        2346      1.42%     68.31% |        2129      1.29%     69.60% |        2174      1.32%     70.92% |        2102      1.27%     72.19% |        2103      1.28%     73.47% |        2082      1.26%     74.73% |        2275      1.38%     76.11% |        2184      1.32%     77.43% |        2306      1.40%     78.83% |        2165      1.31%     80.14% |        2126      1.29%     81.43% |        2156      1.31%     82.74% |        2184      1.32%     84.06% |        2162      1.31%     85.38% |        2307      1.40%     86.77% |        2238      1.36%     88.13% |        2134      1.29%     89.43% |        2024      1.23%     90.65% |        2071      1.26%     91.91% |        2247      1.36%     93.27% |        2202      1.34%     94.61% |        2279      1.38%     95.99% |        2261      1.37%     97.36% |        2125      1.29%     98.65% |        2228      1.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       164902                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       17075     10.35%     10.35% |       82451     50.00%     60.35% |        2142      1.30%     61.65% |        2215      1.34%     63.00% |        2028      1.23%     64.23% |        2276      1.38%     65.61% |        2105      1.28%     66.88% |        2346      1.42%     68.31% |        2129      1.29%     69.60% |        2174      1.32%     70.92% |        2102      1.27%     72.19% |        2103      1.28%     73.47% |        2082      1.26%     74.73% |        2275      1.38%     76.11% |        2184      1.32%     77.43% |        2306      1.40%     78.83% |        2165      1.31%     80.14% |        2126      1.29%     81.43% |        2156      1.31%     82.74% |        2184      1.32%     84.06% |        2162      1.31%     85.38% |        2307      1.40%     86.77% |        2238      1.36%     88.13% |        2134      1.29%     89.43% |        2024      1.23%     90.65% |        2071      1.26%     91.91% |        2247      1.36%     93.27% |        2202      1.34%     94.61% |        2279      1.38%     95.99% |        2261      1.37%     97.36% |        2125      1.29%     98.65% |        2228      1.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       164902                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
