
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.122183                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                122182645000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5298350723500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  17870                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    31428                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               37890905                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                6328844                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3224.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    57624265                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     101342435                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     55706432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          55706432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     23219072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       23219072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       870413                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             870413                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       362798                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            362798                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    455927534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            455927534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    190035762                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           190035762                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    645963295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           645963295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     870413                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    362798                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   870413                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  362798                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              55696192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  10240                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               23219008                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               55706432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            23219072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   160                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            56370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            55114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            54162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            53645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            53066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            53496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            55739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            55502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            54950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            54460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           53703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           53392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           52684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           53400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           54837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           55733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            22850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            22880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            22648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            22681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            22379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            22692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            22992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            23333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            22672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            22697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           22266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           22362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           22112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           22468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           22717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           23048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                   127442                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                    27943                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 122182136500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               870413                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              362798                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 183507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  27550                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  25943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  26425                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  26774                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  26932                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                  27180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                  26721                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                  25753                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                  25362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                 24552                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                 23762                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                 22779                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                 21802                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                 20647                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                 19124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                 18085                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                 16969                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                 15827                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                 14828                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                 13914                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                 13027                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                 12071                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                 11299                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                 10700                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                 10062                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  9472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  8839                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  8472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  8093                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  7978                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                135804                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  47789                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  52059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  55104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  56997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  58649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  23188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                  23787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  45225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       371698                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   212.309649                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   156.876631                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   175.361831                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       124117     33.39%     33.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       110674     29.78%     63.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        78612     21.15%     84.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        24858      6.69%     91.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        19647      5.29%     96.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6133      1.65%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4004      1.08%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2887      0.78%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          766      0.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       371698                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        50787                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.135310                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    33.874286                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        50320     99.08%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          408      0.80%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           31      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            7      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            8      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            7      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        50787                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        50787                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.143501                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.504677                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.548579                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          36531     71.93%     71.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          6585     12.97%     84.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         3945      7.77%     92.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         3726      7.34%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        50787                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                112595296141                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           128912539891                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                4351265000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   129382.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              148132.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      455.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      190.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   455.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   190.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        5.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    3.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      2.29                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      3.10                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  669473                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 191878                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                76.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               52.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                     99076.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20216323250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4079920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    97885964750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0             1416706200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1             1393323120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              773004375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              760245750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            3409333200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            3378624600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0           1182308400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1           1168609680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         7980323520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         7980323520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        51045081750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        50570936370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        28532929500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        28948846500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          94339686945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          94200909540                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          772.123033                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          770.987209                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     55113792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          55113792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     22673600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       22673600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       861153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             861153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       354275                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            354275                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    451077090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            451077090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    185571363                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           185571363                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    636648454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           636648454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     861153                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    354275                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   861153                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  354275                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              55102400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  11392                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               22673600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               55113792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            22673600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   178                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            55714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            54402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            53435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            53171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            52603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            52816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            55528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            54983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            54425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            53717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           52959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           52887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           52012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           52735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           54417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           55171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            22446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            22276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            22138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            22108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            21927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            22095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            22561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            22734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            22241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            22039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           21744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           21789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           21618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           21858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           22249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           22452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                   123859                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                    26735                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 122181916500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               861153                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              354275                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 176312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  26839                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  26813                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  27145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  27594                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  27384                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                  27026                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                  26863                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                  26208                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                  25642                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                 24610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                 23725                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                 22488                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                 21721                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                 20571                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                 19195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                 17907                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                 16799                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                 15713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                 14713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                 13668                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                 12907                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                 11926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                 11187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                 10713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  9976                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  9393                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  8945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  8381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  8274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  8160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                132177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  46116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  50514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  53455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  55704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  57252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  23356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                  23789                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  44089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       358038                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.227445                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   160.313528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   177.544255                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       117894     32.93%     32.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       102652     28.67%     61.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        78771     22.00%     83.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        25048      7.00%     90.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        19902      5.56%     96.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6151      1.72%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3870      1.08%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3001      0.84%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          749      0.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       358038                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49134                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.522998                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    32.572802                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48688     99.09%     99.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          385      0.78%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           30      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           12      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            8      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        49134                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49134                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.210384                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.553284                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.597689                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34945     71.12%     71.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          6429     13.08%     84.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4068      8.28%     92.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         3692      7.51%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        49134                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                111419160759                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           127562442009                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                4304875000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   129410.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              148160.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      450.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      185.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   451.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   185.57                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        4.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    3.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      2.28                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      3.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  665997                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 191213                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                77.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               53.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    100525.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20699627000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4079920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    97402951000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0             1366560720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1             1340199000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              745643250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              731259375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            3374685600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            3340903800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0           1155280320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1           1140389280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         7980323520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         7980323520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        49841128890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        49614565860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        29588968500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        29787708000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          94052590800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          93935348835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          769.773925                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          768.814357                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     55089536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          55089536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     22656512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       22656512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       860774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             860774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       354008                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            354008                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    450878568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            450878568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    185431507                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           185431507                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    636310075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           636310075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     860775                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    354008                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   860775                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  354008                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              55083392                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   6208                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               22656320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               55089600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            22656512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    97                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            55896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            54441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            53365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            53166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            52806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            52596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            55393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            54840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            54587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            53659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           52836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           52949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           52298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           52347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           54385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           55114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            22524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            22159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            22219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            21971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            22087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            21927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            22594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            22593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            22363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            21956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           21800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           21680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           21782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           21648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           22351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           22351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                   122986                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                    28334                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 122182602000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               860775                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              354008                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 176483                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  26229                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  26274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  26866                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  26957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  27226                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  27002                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                  26758                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                  26209                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                  25309                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                 24411                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                 23823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                 22909                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                 21616                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                 20559                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                 19312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                 18140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                 17029                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                 16118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                 14933                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                 13965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                 13127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                 12144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                 11465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                 10636                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                 10117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  9537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  8945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  8509                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  8296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  8174                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                131600                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  46091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  50282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  53016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  55355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  57074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  23237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                  23339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  45614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       356679                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.954093                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   161.069739                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   177.545198                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       116127     32.56%     32.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255       102748     28.81%     61.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        79073     22.17%     83.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        24895      6.98%     90.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        20090      5.63%     96.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6048      1.70%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3960      1.11%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2976      0.83%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          762      0.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       356679                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49111                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.525055                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    32.964236                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48660     99.08%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          392      0.80%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           31      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            8      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            5      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            5      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        49111                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49111                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.208263                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.553955                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.588217                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34909     71.08%     71.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          6532     13.30%     84.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         3968      8.08%     92.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         3702      7.54%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        49111                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                111359609816                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat           127497322316                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                4303390000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   129385.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              148135.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      450.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      185.43                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   450.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   185.43                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        4.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    3.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      2.28                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  666472                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 191531                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                77.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               54.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    100579.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   70.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20826767000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4079920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    97275937000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0             1361162880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1             1335330360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              742698000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              728602875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            3373523400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            3339757200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0           1153919520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1           1140032880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         7980323520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         7980323520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        50081506155                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        49577210910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        29378111250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        29820475500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          94071244725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          93921733245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          769.926598                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          768.702920                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     55096576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          55096576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     22646784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       22646784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       860884                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             860884                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       353856                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            353856                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    450936187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            450936187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    185351889                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           185351889                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    636288075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           636288075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     860885                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    353856                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   860885                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  353856                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              55089920                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   6720                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               22646656                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               55096640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            22646784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   105                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            55778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            54596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            53384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            53014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            52643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            52882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            55297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            54845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            54578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            53805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           52933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           52699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           52141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           52695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           54295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           55195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            22419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            22252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            22209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            22016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            21956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            22009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            22475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            22660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            22237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            22055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           21771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           21728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           21660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           21740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           22235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           22432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                   126306                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                    27422                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 122181898000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               860885                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              353856                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 176364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  26575                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  26673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  27123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  27690                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  27298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  27194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                  26785                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                  25854                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                  25255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                 24338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                 23461                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                 22444                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                 21619                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                 20302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                 19122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                 17960                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                 16712                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                 15692                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                 14866                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                 13982                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                 12994                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                 12241                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                 11209                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                 10486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  9818                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  9052                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  8627                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  8317                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  8030                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  8028                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                134669                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  46162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  50566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  53340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  55526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  56937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  23018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                  23588                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  44719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       356285                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   218.185778                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   161.133095                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   177.785273                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       116363     32.66%     32.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       102090     28.65%     61.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        78934     22.15%     83.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        25082      7.04%     90.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        20013      5.62%     96.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6059      1.70%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3995      1.12%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2976      0.84%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          773      0.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       356285                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49148                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.513937                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    33.195889                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48685     99.06%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          403      0.82%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           25      0.05%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           13      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           11      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        49148                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49148                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.199764                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.546892                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.585018                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          35013     71.24%     71.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          6377     12.98%     84.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4111      8.36%     92.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         3647      7.42%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        49148                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                111445114772                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat           127584739772                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                4303900000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   129469.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              148219.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      450.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      185.35                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   450.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   185.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        4.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    3.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      2.28                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      3.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  666366                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 191980                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                77.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               54.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    100582.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   70.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20270579500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4079920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    97831609250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0             1356861240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1             1336653360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              740350875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              729324750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            3373016400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            3341036400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0           1153414080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1           1139559840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         7980323520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         7980323520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        49809228840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        49352440815                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        29616951000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        30017642250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          94030145955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          93896980935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          769.590225                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          768.500335                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1479                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1479                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          568                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4526                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5538                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              573000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              544380                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              133880                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1992500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          378                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1548288                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          378                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                512                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                5119                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               28870630                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 45.433791                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                31.975092                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                64.013051                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    28754855     99.60%     99.60% |      115576      0.40%    100.00% |         123      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 28870630                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     41010834                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.622990                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.796362                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.976963                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    36829603     89.80%     89.80% |     1904686      4.64%     94.45% |      657096      1.60%     96.05% |      555770      1.36%     97.41% |      331591      0.81%     98.21% |      247014      0.60%     98.82% |      194508      0.47%     99.29% |      176282      0.43%     99.72% |      114284      0.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      41010834                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            2048                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            20479                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            41010832                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              59.977865                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              5.055665                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            248.372710                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    40930686     99.80%     99.80% |       65249      0.16%     99.96% |        9750      0.02%     99.99% |        3897      0.01%    100.00% |         881      0.00%    100.00% |         318      0.00%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              41010832                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        36503104                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000194                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000167                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.014176                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    36496141     99.98%     99.98% |        6863      0.02%    100.00% |          88      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          36503104                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        4507728                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        521.377009                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       345.961565                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       567.504586                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     4427582     98.22%     98.22% |       65249      1.45%     99.67% |        9750      0.22%     99.89% |        3897      0.09%     99.97% |         881      0.02%     99.99% |         318      0.01%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          4507728                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    96468992                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8388608                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         571762                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       571762                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          895                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          939                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          925                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          886                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     25773675                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       917147                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     26690822                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     10728154                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       126608                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     10854762                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load      1297527                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        37869                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       476336                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2035329                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        64163                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           34                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           34                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          165                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       126171                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       126336                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        53056                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          127                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       117185                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       117312                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        49525                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          110                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108178                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        45796                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          114                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       126222                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       126336                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        52842                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          113                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108175                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        46173                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          130                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       135230                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       135360                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        56689                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          121                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       117191                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       117312                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        49584                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          136                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       126200                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       126336                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        53040                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits           23                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses       126313                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       126336                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles        53006                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits           38                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses       126298                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       126336                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles        53228                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits           23                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses       126313                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       126336                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles        53213                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits           31                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108257                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles        45777                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits           36                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108252                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles        45855                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits           26                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108262                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles        46027                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits           26                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108262                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles        45880                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits           25                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses       126311                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       126336                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles        53121                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses       126336                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       126336                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.fully_busy_cycles        53429                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            4                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses       126332                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       126336                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.fully_busy_cycles        53213                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108288                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.fully_busy_cycles        45859                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses       117312                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       117312                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.fully_busy_cycles        49474                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108288                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.fully_busy_cycles        46109                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108288                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.fully_busy_cycles        46026                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108288                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.fully_busy_cycles        45981                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108288                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.fully_busy_cycles        45955                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            9                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108279                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.fully_busy_cycles        45871                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            3                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108285                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.fully_busy_cycles        45841                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            2                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108286                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.fully_busy_cycles        46080                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            1                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108287                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.fully_busy_cycles        45947                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits           10                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108278                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.fully_busy_cycles        46029                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            2                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses       108286                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.fully_busy_cycles        46241                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       106147                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses       122093                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       228240                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        24902                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses       112913                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       137815                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        26155                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses       112754                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses       138909                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        24917                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses       112528                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses       137445                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        23492                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses       112754                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses       136246                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        24850                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses       112497                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses       137347                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        22817                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses       112678                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses       135495                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        22877                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses       112673                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses       135550                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        24033                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses       112925                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses       136958                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        24107                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses       112786                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses       136893                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        24115                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses       112562                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses       136677                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        24124                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses       112444                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses       136568                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        23557                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses       112697                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       136254                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        24210                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses       112398                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses       136608                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        39589                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses       112469                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses       152058                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        32574                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses       112422                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses       144996                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        23407                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses       112337                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses       135744                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        23843                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses       112580                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses       136423                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        24198                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses       112573                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses       136771                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        23314                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses       112518                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses       135832                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        24466                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses       112662                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses       137128                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        24860                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses       112841                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses       137701                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        25067                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses       113044                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses       138111                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        25899                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses       112458                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       138357                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        28370                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses       113148                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses       141518                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        34807                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses       113275                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses       148082                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        24073                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses       112437                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       136510                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        24250                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses       112333                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       136583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        23513                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses       112543                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       136056                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        22412                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses       112643                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       135055                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        22900                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses       112925                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses       135825                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        25272                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses       112703                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses       137975                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          202                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     22888736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     22888736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     23481454                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     22888736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity     10614953                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity     10568516                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     22888736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.093666                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     15104012                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     15104012                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15869379                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15104012                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8089897                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8000460                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     15104012                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.061809                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads     13353735                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes     13353735                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity     13961086                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity     13353735                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5750242                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5698047                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity     13353735                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.054647                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads     12696747                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes     12696747                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity     13315944                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity     12696747                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5588507                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5535691                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity     12696747                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.051958                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads     12976321                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes     12976321                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity     13638525                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity     12976321                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6474682                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6413241                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity     12976321                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.053102                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads     14070782                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes     14070782                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15188054                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14070782                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7161723                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7031054                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity     14070782                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.057581                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     15714440                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     15714440                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16476904                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15714440                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6722491                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6648544                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     15714440                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.064307                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads     14110334                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes     14110334                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity     14981846                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14110334                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6388905                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6315578                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity     14110334                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.057743                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      8648953                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      8648953                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8962947                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8648953                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3894723                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3849601                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      8648953                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.035394                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      9231440                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      9231440                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9702643                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9231440                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4509199                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4448756                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      9231440                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.037777                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads     10066469                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes     10066469                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10581605                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10066469                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4597467                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4535045                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity     10066469                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.041194                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      9340781                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      9340781                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9700314                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9340781                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4118000                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4074453                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      9340781                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.038225                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads     10308535                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes     10308535                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10825888                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10308535                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4827747                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4769787                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity     10308535                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.042185                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads     10555995                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes     10555995                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11089248                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10555995                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4729541                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4664479                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity     10555995                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.043198                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      6595134                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      6595134                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6896805                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6595134                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3181296                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3134726                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      6595134                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.026989                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      9040556                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      9040556                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9539461                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9040556                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4474775                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4393760                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      9040556                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.036996                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads     10002600                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes     10002600                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10461928                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10002600                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4787329                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4726816                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity     10002600                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.040933                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      9596977                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      9596977                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10094116                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9596977                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4735525                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4677585                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      9596977                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.039273                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      9640995                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      9640995                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10157224                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9640995                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4779892                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4714767                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      9640995                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.039453                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      6760652                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      6760652                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7156806                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6760652                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3267116                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3218992                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      6760652                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.027666                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      5009393                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      5009393                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5136908                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5009393                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2298560                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2280161                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      5009393                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.020500                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      6181803                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      6181803                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6420553                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6181803                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2980096                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2954203                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      6181803                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.025297                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      6344934                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      6344934                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6654149                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6344933                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2949025                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2922657                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      6344933                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.025965                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      4317186                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      4317186                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4431687                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4317186                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2037050                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2018958                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      4317186                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.017667                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      4949994                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      4949994                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5080751                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4949994                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2244258                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2226678                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      4949994                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.020257                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      5871635                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      5871635                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6122203                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5871635                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2820037                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2795563                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      5871635                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.024028                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      6200899                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      6200899                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6492612                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6200898                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2878594                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2854102                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      6200898                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.025376                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      4312836                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      4312836                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4434498                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4312836                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2034078                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2016948                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      4312836                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.017649                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads     16594417                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes     16594417                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18386713                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity     16594417                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7375848                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7274909                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity     16594417                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.067908                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads     17293600                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes     17293600                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18817879                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity     17293600                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7760265                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7672352                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity     17293600                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.070769                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads     17833835                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes     17833835                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity     20073203                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity     17833835                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8039125                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7892135                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity     17833835                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.072980                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads     18690827                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes     18690827                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity     20762380                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18690827                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8491070                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8344523                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity     18690827                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.076487                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    19800387     24.09%     24.09% |    57405658     69.85%     93.94% |     4982137      6.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     82188182                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    19800387     24.09%     24.09% |    57405660     69.85%     93.94% |     4982137      6.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     82188184                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   750099566                       |  1564562804                       |   130572946                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   900978239                       |   222653132                       |     4983945                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   37.883076                       |   27.254505                       |   26.208221                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   45.503062                       |    3.878592                       |    1.000363                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    29.751666                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    13.732088                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         43.483753                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.005667                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.108087      6.19%      6.19% |    0.107838      6.18%     12.37% |    0.105527      6.05%     18.42% |    0.105424      6.04%     24.46% |    0.303247     17.37%     41.83% |    0.298537     17.11%     58.94% |    0.302826     17.35%     76.29% |    0.297873     17.07%     93.36% |    0.028985      1.66%     95.02% |    0.028989      1.66%     96.68% |    0.028989      1.66%     98.34% |    0.028993      1.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.745312                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.044031                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.023354                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002222                       |    0.002097                       |    0.001892                       |    0.002181                       |    0.001901                       |    0.002356                       |    0.002043                       |    0.002243                       |    0.002177                       |    0.002171                       |    0.002199                       |    0.001883                       |    0.001871                       |    0.001890                       |    0.001895                       |    0.002167                       |    0.002154                       |    0.002188                       |    0.001886                       |    0.002042                       |    0.001865                       |    0.001895                       |    0.001886                       |    0.001882                       |    0.001847                       |    0.001901                       |    0.001876                       |    0.001888                       |    0.001863                       |    0.001866                       |    0.007357                       |    0.004918                       |    0.004877                       |    0.004924                       |    0.004875                       |    0.004875                       |    0.004866                       |    0.004847                       |    0.004870                       |    0.004918                       |    0.004943                       |    0.004906                       |    0.004882                       |    0.004906                       |    0.004862                       |    0.004867                       |    0.004905                       |    0.004901                       |    0.004893                       |    0.004890                       |    0.004891                       |    0.005273                       |    0.005095                       |    0.004871                       |    0.004887                       |    0.004893                       |    0.004874                       |    0.004900                       |    0.004918                       |    0.004927                       |    0.005012                       |    0.005177                       |    0.021365                       |    0.021136                       |    0.021127                       |    0.021130                       |    0.000099                       |           0                       |    0.001606                       |    0.003946                       |    0.000086                       |    0.000081                       |    0.000072                       |    0.000089                       |    0.000072                       |    0.000097                       |    0.000080                       |    0.000088                       |    0.000084                       |    0.000084                       |    0.000086                       |    0.000074                       |    0.000073                       |    0.000072                       |    0.000074                       |    0.000088                       |    0.000083                       |    0.000085                       |    0.000070                       |    0.000079                       |    0.000072                       |    0.000072                       |    0.000072                       |    0.000073                       |    0.000071                       |    0.000071                       |    0.000072                       |    0.000074                       |    0.000074                       |    0.000073                       |    0.002664                       |    0.005141                       |    0.000101                       |           0                       |    0.000070                       |    0.006380                       |    0.006144                       |    0.002876                       |    0.005119                       |    0.000080                       |    0.009406                       |    0.011578                       |    0.006334                       |    0.002663                       |    0.005171                       |    0.012958                       |    0.000072                       |    0.017790                       |    0.021539                       |    0.007716                       |    0.003099                       |    0.005138                       |    0.000086                       |    0.017437                       |    0.014993                       |    0.013894                       |    0.002884                       |    0.005181                       |    0.000081                       |    0.018886                       |    0.015940                       |    0.008986                       |    0.002666                       |    0.005157                       |    0.012742                       |    0.000074                       |    0.022933                       |    0.017707                       |    0.009490                       |    0.003106                       |    0.005148                       |    0.000084                       |    0.011586                       |    0.009324                       |    0.008977                       |    0.002662                       |    0.005135                       |    0.000072                       |    0.006288                       |    0.006099                       |    0.002882                       |    0.005428                       |    0.000079                       |    0.004146                       |    0.006804                       |    0.005959                       |    0.003099                       |    0.005129                       |    0.000088                       |    0.004229                       |    0.006971                       |    0.012184                       |    0.006077                       |    0.002662                       |    0.005136                       |    0.000072                       |    0.010662                       |    0.012488                       |    0.014547                       |    0.007536                       |    0.025171                       |    0.006892                       |    0.001606                       |    0.007036                       |    0.020186                       |    0.024262                       |    0.008513                       |    0.000001                       |    0.005161                       |    0.003946                       |    0.006931                       |    0.015319                       |    0.021370                       |    0.009081                       |    0.003101                       |    0.005119                       |    0.000089                       |    0.015218                       |    0.012465                       |    0.012116                       |    0.009473                       |    0.003109                       |    0.005127                       |    0.000086                       |    0.007068                       |    0.011561                       |    0.006497                       |    0.008736                       |    0.002664                       |    0.005132                       |    0.000073                       |    0.004088                       |    0.006268                       |    0.005804                       |    0.002661                       |    0.005263                       |    0.000072                       |    0.004788                       |    0.006465                       |    0.006715                       |    0.003105                       |    0.005168                       |    0.000084                       |    0.004902                       |    0.009410                       |    0.011849                       |    0.006676                       |    0.002663                       |    0.005253                       |    0.012735                       |    0.000074                       |    0.006177                       |    0.017720                       |    0.021682                       |    0.006678                       |    0.002661                       |    0.005124                       |    0.000072                       |    0.017589                       |    0.017286                       |    0.014840                       |    0.006735                       |    0.003322                       |    0.005106                       |    0.000097                       |    0.007232                       |    0.018977                       |    0.015933                       |    0.007077                       |    0.002662                       |    0.005358                       |    0.012733                       |    0.000073                       |    0.008015                       |    0.022908                       |    0.017697                       |    0.007041                       |    0.002663                       |    0.005137                       |    0.000074                       |    0.007657                       |    0.011316                       |    0.009289                       |    0.007060                       |    0.002660                       |    0.005125                       |    0.000071                       |    0.004584                       |    0.006232                       |    0.006702                       |    0.002664                       |    0.005112                       |    0.000072                       |    0.003564                       |    0.006255                       |    0.002661                       |    0.005111                       |    0.000073                       |    0.003729                       |    0.004114                       |    0.011302                       |    0.002662                       |    0.005110                       |    0.000072                       |    0.008233                       |    0.007251                       |    0.013667                       |    0.002661                       |    0.005138                       |    0.000074                       |    0.008297                       |    0.012188                       |    0.012575                       |    0.003098                       |    0.005130                       |    0.000088                       |    0.003614                       |    0.013657                       |    0.013685                       |    0.003099                       |    0.005131                       |    0.000083                       |    0.011520                       |    0.012466                       |    0.007154                       |    0.003107                       |    0.005134                       |    0.000085                       |    0.003669                       |    0.011597                       |    0.004075                       |    0.002665                       |    0.005133                       |    0.000071                       |    0.003491                       |    0.006289                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.745312                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         9240129                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      9240129                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       389973                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      6621854                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         6005634                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.694147                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          802258                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30141                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             16331292                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              86413                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            19720559                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            181264                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         16417705                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        19901823                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  36051851                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  267677                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              36319528                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             10861866                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9641                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         10871507                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  10861866                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9641                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              10871507                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                240818908                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     35770216                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               66029202                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             9240129                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      6807892                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             199407729                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          908232                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             142503                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       183373                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       304068                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3277                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       343432                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          10861198                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        230949                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3954                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    236608714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.504714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.723323                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        213735009     90.33%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2043526      0.86%     91.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          3099190      1.31%     92.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           916337      0.39%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3163189      1.34%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1551857      0.66%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          4098100      1.73%     96.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           583965      0.25%     96.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7417541      3.13%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    236608714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.038370                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.274186                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         13551217                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     206762276                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6806459                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       9034639                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         454116                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      114930832                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         454116                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         16284140                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       126533429                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     13491271                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          12672046                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      67173705                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      112927914                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         68888                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        7426924                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents        1004660                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       56522688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    123233230                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     254997776                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    168128319                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          137                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     109738238                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         13494990                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       363547                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       367102                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          55604277                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      8875776                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     20133263                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2447594                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2220469                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          110884820                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       794232                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         116085800                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       326747                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10016977                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14631765                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       137057                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236608714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.490624                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.200548                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    187162451     79.10%     79.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21213930      8.97%     88.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10896581      4.61%     92.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6432177      2.72%     95.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3844949      1.63%     97.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5142172      2.17%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1083639      0.46%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       472833      0.20%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359982      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236608714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          113388      9.71%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         913240     78.17%     87.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        141595     12.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       417229      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      79390905     68.39%     68.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        52406      0.05%     68.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52164      0.04%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     16234179     13.98%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19938908     17.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      116085800                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.482046                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1168223                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010063                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    470275122                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    121704648                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    107214132                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          162                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          234                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           54                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      116836710                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              84                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2525724                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1472025                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2667                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8984                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       741159                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1831                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      9379836                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         454116                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         6838899                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     111727993                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    111679052                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       108458                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       8875776                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     20133263                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       784810                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         312571                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     111072893                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8984                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       131512                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       330215                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       461727                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     115373602                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      16019031                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       445066                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             35751893                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          7798212                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           19732862                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.479089                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              107322884                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             107214186                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          56034662                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          87213591                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.445207                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.642499                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     10250651                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       657175                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       404014                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234924515                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.307060                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    195511510     83.22%     83.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16824816      7.16%     90.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11121353      4.73%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2687393      1.14%     96.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2384050      1.01%     97.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1184325      0.50%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1155301      0.49%     98.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       623036      0.27%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3432731      1.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234924515                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     57624264                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      101342432                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               26795854                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               7403750                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                6050                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            7273141                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 18                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         100619593                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       717951                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       178716      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     74265803     73.28%     73.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        51123      0.05%     73.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50927      0.05%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      7403750      7.31%     80.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     19392104     19.14%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    101342432                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       3432731                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            342834294                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           224880976                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   87571                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4210194                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3545957                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            57624264                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             101342432                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.179123                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.179123                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.239285                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.239285                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        174492684                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        78943443                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                43                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               70                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          35970702                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         37089535                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        51524517                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         357601                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               9569262500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            9569262499.999990                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          512                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         5119                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      12224536                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        66.787387                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       41.288458                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       92.548053                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    12108775     99.05%     99.05% |      115562      0.95%    100.00% |         123      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        12224536                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      15802989                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        29.854765                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       26.564610                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       15.542698                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    15443857     97.73%     97.73% |      326943      2.07%     99.80% |       24891      0.16%     99.95% |        4904      0.03%     99.98% |        1463      0.01%     99.99% |         625      0.00%    100.00% |         212      0.00%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        15802989                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        843105                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        27.829078                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       25.360839                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev       11.368289                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      105789     12.55%     12.55% |      415037     49.23%     61.77% |      276412     32.79%     94.56% |       44914      5.33%     99.89% |         935      0.11%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          843105                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          9502856                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean          154.346516                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean          11.888603                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         389.411234                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     9465589     99.61%     99.61% |       25496      0.27%     99.88% |        6936      0.07%     99.95% |        3619      0.04%     99.99% |         847      0.01%    100.00% |         318      0.00%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            9502856                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6769714                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000808                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000696                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.028778                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6764297     99.92%     99.92% |        5373      0.08%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6769714                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      2733142                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     529.214399                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    359.823941                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    574.438995                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     2695875     98.64%     98.64% |       25496      0.93%     99.57% |        6936      0.25%     99.82% |        3619      0.13%     99.96% |         847      0.03%     99.99% |         318      0.01%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       2733142                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         20373356                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           46.451887                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.407251                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         217.493758                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    20140448     98.86%     98.86% |      190037      0.93%     99.79% |       32122      0.16%     99.95% |        7625      0.04%     99.98% |        2165      0.01%    100.00% |         648      0.00%    100.00% |         203      0.00%    100.00% |          75      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           20373356                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     18746245                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000080                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000069                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.009307                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    18744801     99.99%     99.99% |        1388      0.01%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       18746245                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1627111                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     547.068142                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    370.362954                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    565.620991                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1394203     85.69%     85.69% |      190037     11.68%     97.37% |       32122      1.97%     99.34% |        7625      0.47%     99.81% |        2165      0.13%     99.94% |         648      0.04%     99.98% |         203      0.01%     99.99% |          75      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1627111                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     10854760                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.012946                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.115778                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      12.744755                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    10854667    100.00%    100.00% |          85      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       10854760                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     10728154                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000305                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    10728153    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     10728154                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       126606                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    89.846461                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.105077                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    80.447467                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      126513     99.93%     99.93% |          85      0.07%     99.99% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       126606                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       278550                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     10.994292                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.868000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    36.641409                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      277329     99.56%     99.56% |        1101      0.40%     99.96% |         109      0.04%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       278550                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       257714                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000392                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000338                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.019793                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      257613     99.96%     99.96% |         101      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       257714                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        20836                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.868353                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    89.526845                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    85.921602                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       19615     94.14%     94.14% |        1101      5.28%     99.42% |         109      0.52%     99.95% |           8      0.04%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        20836                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     7.022901                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.514973                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    22.015516                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         622     94.96%     94.96% |          22      3.36%     98.32% |           5      0.76%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           4      0.61%     99.69% |           0      0.00%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         622    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    82.848485                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    69.616530                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    60.514007                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          22     66.67%     66.67% |           5     15.15%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     12.12%     93.94% |           0      0.00%     93.94% |           1      3.03%     96.97% |           1      3.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       313471                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time     18314674                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        78854                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    23031                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    27879                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    18823                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    27712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    14125                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    27969                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    14147                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    35946                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    14155                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    27633                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   18584                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   35795                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   18376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   27727                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   22847                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   27782                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   14225                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                   35442                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   14193                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   35398                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                   14250                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   35767                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   14193                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   27800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                   14172                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                   27916                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   14141                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                   27666                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                   14120                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                   27843                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                   14105                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   35601                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_hits                   14120                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_hits                   35329                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_hits                   14203                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_hits                   35249                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_hits                   14189                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_hits                   27788                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_hits                   18484                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_hits                   27759                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_hits                   13938                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_hits                   27570                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_hits                   13965                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_hits                   27881                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_hits                   13943                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_hits                   27734                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_hits                   13994                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_hits                   27808                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_hits                   14185                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_hits                   27859                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_hits                   14124                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_hits                   28083                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_hits                   14004                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_hits                   27867                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_hits                   14215                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_hits                   27711                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_hits                   14098                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_hits                   27712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_hits                   14013                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_hits                   27674                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  31145                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                  44345                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  26329                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                  44512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                  22003                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                  44255                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  21981                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                  54326                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                  21973                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                  44591                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                 26568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                 54477                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                 26776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                 44497                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                 31329                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                 44442                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                 21903                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                 54830                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                 21935                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                 54874                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                 21878                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                 54505                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                 21935                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                 44424                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                 21956                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                 44308                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                 21987                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                 44558                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                 22008                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                 44381                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                 22023                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                 54671                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_misses                 22008                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_misses                 54943                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_misses                 21925                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_misses                 55023                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_misses                 21939                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_misses                 44436                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_misses                 26668                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_misses                 44465                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_misses                 22190                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_misses                 44654                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_misses                 22163                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_misses                 44343                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_misses                 22185                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_misses                 44490                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_misses                 22134                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_misses                 44416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_misses                 21943                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_misses                 44365                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_misses                 22004                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_misses                 44141                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_misses                 22124                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_misses                 44357                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_misses                 21913                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_misses                 44513                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_misses                 22030                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_misses                 44512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_misses                 22115                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_misses                 44550                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    33831                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    42637                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    28382                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    42509                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    23234                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    42244                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    23165                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    51884                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    23058                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                    42624                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   28294                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   52246                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                   28528                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                   42514                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   33859                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                   42420                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                   23222                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                   52557                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                   23236                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                   52725                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                   23050                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                   52466                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                   22994                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                   42281                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                   23056                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                   42231                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                   23167                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                   42546                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                   23237                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                   42036                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                   23255                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                   52243                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshrhits                   23295                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshrhits                   52808                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshrhits                   23129                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshrhits                   52716                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshrhits                   23198                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshrhits                   42465                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshrhits                   28525                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshrhits                   42422                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshrhits                   23206                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshrhits                   42526                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshrhits                   23269                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshrhits                   42352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshrhits                   23260                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshrhits                   42449                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshrhits                   23184                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshrhits                   42390                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.mshrhits                   23124                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.mshrhits                   42443                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.mshrhits                   23167                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.mshrhits                   42246                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.mshrhits                   23218                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.mshrhits                   42405                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.mshrhits                   23085                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.mshrhits                   42301                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.mshrhits                   23217                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.mshrhits                   42223                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.mshrhits                   23267                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.mshrhits                   42426                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                54176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                45152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                90272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               45152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               90272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               45152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               54176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses               90272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               90272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               90272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               90272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_accesses               90272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_accesses               90272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_accesses               45152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_accesses               36128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 5681205                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                12033594                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 5519655                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                12044642                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 5376274                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                12022798                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 5378787                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                12274218                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                 5376561                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                12087545                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                5519868                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles             4307254734                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles             4300500351                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles             4307030334                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles             4300648141                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles             4307024312                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles             4300334870                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles             4307291282                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles             4300340524                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles             4307288347                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles             4300318619                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles             4307272337                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles             4300321372                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles             4307031823                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles             4300319712                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles             4307009344                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles             4300338921                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles             4307056141                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles             4300334148                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles             4307014964                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles             4300346525                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles             4307280654                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlbCycles             4300342481                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlbCycles             4307280079                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlbCycles             4300344568                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlbCycles             4307281245                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlbCycles             4300333817                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlbCycles             4307034221                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlbCycles             4300500860                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlbCycles             4307005353                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlbCycles             4300345082                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlbCycles             4307087837                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlbCycles             4300351821                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlbCycles             4307072026                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlbCycles             4300375351                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlbCycles             4307010456                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlbCycles             4300349182                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlbCycles             4307026097                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlbCycles             4300363082                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlbCycles             4307078245                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlbCycles             4300345988                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlbCycles             4307015443                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlbCycles             4300360828                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlbCycles             4307040111                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlbCycles             4300346976                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlbCycles             4307027996                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlbCycles             4300369996                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlbCycles             4307016650                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlbCycles             4300363534                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlbCycles             4307042885                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   31136                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   25952                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   56859                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   71072                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  25952                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  71072                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  25952                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  31136                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                  71067                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  71067                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  71072                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                  56862                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  71072                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_reads                  71072                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_reads                  71071                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_reads                  56862                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_reads                  25952                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_reads                  56863                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_reads                  20768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_reads                  56864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  23040                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  19200                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  15365                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  19200                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 19200                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 19200                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 19200                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 23040                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                 19205                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                 19205                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                 19200                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                 15362                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                 19200                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_writes                 19200                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_writes                 19201                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_writes                 15362                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_writes                 19200                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_writes                 15361                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_writes                 15360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                13161                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                22157                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                10949                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                21986                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 8590                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                22327                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 8575                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                28162                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                 8559                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                21983                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               10832                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               27987                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               10773                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               21914                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               13049                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               22042                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits                8728                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits               27868                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits                8668                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               27813                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                8671                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               27949                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                8611                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               22068                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                8611                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits               22214                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits                8545                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits               21898                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits                8547                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits               22074                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                8567                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               27800                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readhits                8584                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readhits               27830                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readhits                8691                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readhits               27651                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readhits                8659                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readhits               22167                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readhits               10983                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readhits               22095                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readhits                8448                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readhits               21938                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readhits                8492                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readhits               22063                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readhits                8488                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readhits               21994                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readhits                8568                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readhits               22101                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_readhits                8660                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_readhits               22243                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_readhits                8640                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_readhits               22342                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_readhits                8560                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_readhits               22110                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_readhits                8654                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_readhits               22011                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_readhits                8569                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_readhits               22056                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_readhits                8504                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_readhits               21985                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses              17975                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses              34707                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses              15003                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses              34878                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses              12178                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses              34532                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses              12193                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses              42910                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses              12209                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses              34881                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses             15120                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses             43085                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses             15179                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses             34950                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses             18087                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses             34822                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses             12040                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses             43199                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses             12100                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses             43254                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses             12097                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses             43123                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses             12157                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses             34796                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses             12157                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses             34650                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses             12223                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses             34966                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses             12221                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses             34788                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses             12201                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses             43272                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readmisses             12184                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readmisses             43242                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readmisses             12077                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readmisses             43420                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readmisses             12109                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readmisses             34695                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readmisses             14969                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readmisses             34769                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readmisses             12320                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readmisses             34926                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readmisses             12276                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readmisses             34801                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readmisses             12280                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readmisses             34870                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readmisses             12200                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readmisses             34763                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_readmisses             12108                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_readmisses             34621                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_readmisses             12128                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_readmisses             34522                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_readmisses             12208                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_readmisses             34753                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_readmisses             12114                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_readmisses             34853                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_readmisses             12199                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_readmisses             34808                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_readmisses             12264                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_readmisses             34879                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                9870                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                5722                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                7874                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                5726                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                5535                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                5642                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                5572                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                7784                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                5596                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                5650                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               7752                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               7808                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               7603                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               5813                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               9798                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               5740                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               5497                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               7574                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               5525                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               7585                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits               5579                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               7818                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               5582                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits               5732                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               5561                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits               5702                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               5596                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               5768                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               5573                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               5769                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits               5538                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits               7801                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writehits               5536                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writehits               7499                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writehits               5512                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writehits               7598                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writehits               5530                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writehits               5621                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writehits               7501                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writehits               5664                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writehits               5490                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writehits               5632                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writehits               5473                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writehits               5818                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writehits               5455                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writehits               5740                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writehits               5426                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writehits               5707                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_writehits               5525                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_writehits               5616                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_writehits               5484                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_writehits               5741                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_writehits               5444                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_writehits               5757                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_writehits               5561                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_writehits               5700                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_writehits               5529                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_writehits               5656                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_writehits               5509                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_writehits               5689                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             13170                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              9638                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             11326                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              9634                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              9825                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              9723                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              9788                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             11416                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses              9764                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses              9710                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses            11448                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses            11392                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses            11597                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses             9547                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses            13242                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses             9620                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses             9863                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses            11631                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses             9835                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses            11620                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses             9781                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses            11382                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses             9778                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses             9628                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses             9799                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses             9658                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses             9764                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses             9592                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses             9787                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses             9593                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses             9822                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses            11399                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writemisses             9824                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writemisses            11701                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writemisses             9848                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writemisses            11603                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writemisses             9830                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writemisses             9741                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writemisses            11699                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writemisses             9696                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writemisses             9870                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writemisses             9728                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writemisses             9887                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writemisses             9542                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writemisses             9905                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writemisses             9620                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writemisses             9934                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writemisses             9653                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_writemisses             9835                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_writemisses             9744                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_writemisses             9876                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_writemisses             9619                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_writemisses             9916                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_writemisses             9604                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_writemisses             9799                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_writemisses             9660                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_writemisses             9831                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_writemisses             9704                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_writemisses             9851                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_writemisses             9671                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        6                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       6                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_48.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_49.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_50.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_51.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_52.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_53.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_54.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_55.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_56.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_57.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_58.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_59.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_60.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_61.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_62.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_63.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                6014152                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles               12307744                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                5798461                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles               12301307                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                5581124                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles               12292933                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                5587281                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles               12649445                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                5573984                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles               12344681                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               5793832                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles              12667646                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               5784712                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles              12302471                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               6014242                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles              12285054                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               5580245                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles              12706526                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               5586484                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles              12701865                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles               5576688                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles              12701189                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               5564840                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles              12342498                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles               5568830                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles              12308581                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               5572887                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles              12327582                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles               5563189                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles              12311907                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles               5575327                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles              12662005                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.job_cycles               5595210                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.job_cycles              12668822                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.job_cycles               5595306                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.job_cycles              12674677                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.job_cycles               5589477                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.job_cycles              12331661                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.job_cycles               5820859                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.job_cycles              12320843                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.job_cycles               5599394                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.job_cycles              12368163                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.job_cycles               5601332                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.job_cycles              12370099                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.job_cycles               5607880                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.job_cycles              12304660                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.job_cycles               5597560                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.job_cycles              12317796                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_48.job_cycles               5617145                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_49.job_cycles              12385373                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_50.job_cycles               5600801                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_51.job_cycles              12318813                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_52.job_cycles               5605110                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_53.job_cycles              12323267                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_54.job_cycles               5606651                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_55.job_cycles              12317248                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_56.job_cycles               5615681                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_57.job_cycles              12320693                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_58.job_cycles               5613509                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_59.job_cycles              12337773                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_60.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_61.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_62.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_63.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                      48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                      96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                      40                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                      96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                      32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                      96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                      32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                      32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                      96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                     40                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                     40                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                     48                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                    120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                    120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_tasks                    120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_tasks                    120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_tasks                     40                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_48.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_49.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_50.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_51.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_52.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_53.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_54.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_55.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_56.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_57.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_58.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_59.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_60.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_61.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_62.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_63.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               5638573                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles              11884310                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               5427092                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles              11887231                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               5281055                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles              11874757                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               5283221                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles              12198372                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               5272909                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles              11971171                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              5467152                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles             12199136                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              5443892                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles             11952785                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              5660767                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles             11884979                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              5235293                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles             12265226                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              5259273                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles             12281632                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles              5251666                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles             12281013                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              5235831                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles             11955404                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles              5236218                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles             11898071                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              5236023                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles             11918425                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles              5226919                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles             11911802                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles              5222900                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles             12223680                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_cycles              5262298                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_cycles             12203583                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_cycles              5232836                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_cycles             12204735                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_cycles              5239450                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_cycles             11908567                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_cycles              5429848                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_cycles             11900528                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_cycles              5243030                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_cycles             11985609                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_cycles              5253094                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_cycles             11991570                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_cycles              5248463                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_cycles             11874773                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_cycles              5238557                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_cycles             11892593                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.read_cycles              5267248                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.read_cycles             12004693                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.read_cycles              5248819                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.read_cycles             11905714                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.read_cycles              5252944                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.read_cycles             11903551                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.read_cycles              5265747                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.read_cycles             11897555                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.read_cycles              5274066                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.read_cycles             11899458                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.read_cycles              5274407                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.read_cycles             11925794                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             851747                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             679527                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            1254507                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            681719                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles           1258197                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            696006                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            834630                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles           1249474                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles           1252796                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles           1249847                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles           1246940                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_cycles           1247429                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_cycles           1249659                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_cycles            678258                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.compute_cycles            524384                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.compute_cycles            983136                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2679228                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2800420                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              2588500                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2783655                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              2433415                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2761481                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2449518                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              2821487                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              2454330                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2771515                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             2549605                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             2858911                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             2561176                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             2716011                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             2683355                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2789260                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles             2614033                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles             2936658                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles             2582469                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles             2863914                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles             2508801                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles             2838447                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles             2499181                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles             2821708                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles             2550802                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles             2840944                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles             2551396                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles             2796970                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles             2585808                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles             2768246                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles             2632078                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles             2886268                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_cycles             2630901                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_cycles             2942953                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_cycles             2625736                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_cycles             2864760                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_cycles             2629652                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_cycles             2845393                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_cycles             2696436                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_cycles             2837664                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_cycles             2634535                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_cycles             2854897                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_cycles             2635178                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_cycles             2864967                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_cycles             2652697                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_cycles             2815954                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_cycles             2643161                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_cycles             2811878                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.write_cycles             2664000                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.write_cycles             2894637                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.write_cycles             2620778                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.write_cycles             2796428                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.write_cycles             2615965                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.write_cycles             2798237                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.write_cycles             2603731                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.write_cycles             2798949                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.write_cycles             2642800                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.write_cycles             2785508                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.write_cycles             2647807                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.write_cycles             2794727                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          5638573                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time         11884310                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          5427092                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time         11887231                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          5281055                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time         11874757                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          5283221                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time         12198372                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          5272909                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time         11971171                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         5467152                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time        12199136                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         5443892                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time        11952785                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         5660767                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time        11884979                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         5235293                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time        12265226                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         5259273                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time        12281632                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time         5251666                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time        12281013                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         5235831                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time        11955404                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time         5236218                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time        11898071                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         5236023                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time        11918425                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time         5226919                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time        11911802                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time         5222900                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time        12223680                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_action_time         5262298                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_action_time        12203583                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_action_time         5232836                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_action_time        12204735                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_action_time         5239450                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_action_time        11908567                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_action_time         5429848                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_action_time        11900528                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_action_time         5243030                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_action_time        11985609                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_action_time         5253094                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_action_time        11991570                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_action_time         5248463                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_action_time        11874773                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_action_time         5238557                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_action_time        11892593                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.read_action_time         5267248                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.read_action_time        12004693                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.read_action_time         5248819                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.read_action_time        11905714                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.read_action_time         5252944                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.read_action_time        11903551                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.read_action_time         5265747                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.read_action_time        11897555                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.read_action_time         5274066                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.read_action_time        11899458                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.read_action_time         5274407                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.read_action_time        11925794                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        786549                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        655468                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       1228905                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       655465                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time      1228908                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       655465                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       786549                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time      1228908                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time      1228908                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time      1228908                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time      1228908                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_action_time      1228908                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_action_time      1228908                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_action_time       655468                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.compute_action_time       524384                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.compute_action_time       983136                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         2679228                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         2800420                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         2556157                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         2783655                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         2433415                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         2761481                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         2449518                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         2821487                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         2454330                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         2771515                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        2549605                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        2843831                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        2561176                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        2716011                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        2683355                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        2789260                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time        2614033                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time        2936658                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time        2582469                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time        2863914                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time        2508801                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time        2838447                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time        2499181                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time        2821708                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time        2550802                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time        2840944                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time        2551396                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time        2796970                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time        2585808                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time        2768246                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time        2632078                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time        2886268                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_action_time        2630901                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_action_time        2942953                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_action_time        2625736                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_action_time        2864760                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_action_time        2629652                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_action_time        2845393                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_action_time        2696436                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_action_time        2837664                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_action_time        2634535                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_action_time        2854897                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_action_time        2635178                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_action_time        2864967                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_action_time        2652697                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_action_time        2815954                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_action_time        2643161                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_action_time        2811878                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.write_action_time        2664000                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.write_action_time        2894637                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.write_action_time        2620778                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.write_action_time        2796428                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.write_action_time        2615965                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.write_action_time        2798237                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.write_action_time        2603731                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.write_action_time        2798949                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.write_action_time        2642800                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.write_action_time        2785508                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.write_action_time        2647807                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.write_action_time        2794727                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            5926645                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time           12184852                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            5719866                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time           12178415                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            5515576                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time           12170041                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            5521733                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time           12506194                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            5508436                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time           12221789                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           5717653                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time          12515100                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           5708842                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time          12179579                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           5927374                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time          12162162                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           5514697                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time          12556364                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           5520936                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time          12550796                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time           5511140                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time          12549791                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           5499292                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time          12219606                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time           5503282                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time          12185689                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           5507339                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time          12204690                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time           5497641                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time          12189015                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time           5509779                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time          12508390                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.rw_action_time           5529662                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.rw_action_time          12515207                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.rw_action_time           5529758                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.rw_action_time          12524643                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.rw_action_time           5523929                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.rw_action_time          12208769                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.rw_action_time           5745542                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.rw_action_time          12197951                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.rw_action_time           5533846                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.rw_action_time          12245271                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.rw_action_time           5535784                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.rw_action_time          12247207                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.rw_action_time           5542332                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.rw_action_time          12181768                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.rw_action_time           5532012                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.rw_action_time          12194904                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.rw_action_time           5551597                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.rw_action_time          12262481                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.rw_action_time           5535253                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.rw_action_time          12195921                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.rw_action_time           5539562                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.rw_action_time          12200375                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.rw_action_time           5541103                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.rw_action_time          12194356                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.rw_action_time           5550133                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.rw_action_time          12197801                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.rw_action_time           5547961                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.rw_action_time          12214881                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles           256126                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         225273807                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         228294295                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         225273803                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         228294291                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         225273809                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         228294297                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         225273805                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         228294293                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         225273814                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         228294302                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        225273810                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        228294298                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        225273826                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        228294314                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        225273822                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        228294310                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles        225273831                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        228294320                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        225273827                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        228294315                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles        225273823                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles        228294311                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        225273829                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        228294317                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        225273843                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles        228294331                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles        225273839                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        228294327                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        225273835                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        228294323                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles        225273831                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles        228294319                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_idle_cycles        225273840                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_idle_cycles        228294328                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_idle_cycles        225273846                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_idle_cycles        228294334                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_idle_cycles        225273852                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_idle_cycles        228294340                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_idle_cycles        225273848                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_idle_cycles        228294336                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_idle_cycles        225273857                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_idle_cycles        228294345                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_idle_cycles        225273863                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_idle_cycles        228294351                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_idle_cycles        225273854                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_idle_cycles        228294342                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_idle_cycles        225273850                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_idle_cycles        228294338                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_idle_cycles        225273859                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_idle_cycles        228294347                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_idle_cycles        225273865                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_idle_cycles        228294353                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_idle_cycles        225273856                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_idle_cycles        228294344                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_idle_cycles        225273853                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_idle_cycles        228294341                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_idle_cycles        225273861                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_idle_cycles        228294349                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_idle_cycles        225273857                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_idle_cycles        228294345                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         12634547                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         15695373                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         12623612                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         15683287                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         12410768                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles         15687404                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         12419072                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         16038159                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles         12424750                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles         15668142                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles        12401796                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles        16043550                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles        12402852                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles        15661282                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles        12643907                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles        15653897                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         5565936                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles        15711984                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles        12423567                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles        15713908                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles        12417486                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles        15709958                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles        12391602                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles        15708343                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles        12405747                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles        15631742                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles        12409131                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles        15667012                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles        12407909                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles        15691838                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles        12418255                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles        16021018                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_stall_cycles        12441211                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_stall_cycles        16055502                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_stall_cycles        12425567                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_stall_cycles        15687174                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_stall_cycles        12405026                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_stall_cycles        15699101                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_stall_cycles        12630194                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_stall_cycles        15651970                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_stall_cycles         5586974                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_stall_cycles        15689144                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_stall_cycles        12426129                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_stall_cycles        15671274                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_stall_cycles        12428561                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_stall_cycles        15688312                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_stall_cycles        12429627                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_stall_cycles        15682489                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_stall_cycles        12417680                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_stall_cycles        15710904                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_stall_cycles        12428622                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_stall_cycles        15709929                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_stall_cycles        12431277                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_stall_cycles        15709040                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_stall_cycles        12426908                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_stall_cycles        15687235                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_stall_cycles        12431251                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_stall_cycles        15690011                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_stall_cycles        12419355                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_stall_cycles        15708136                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0              4800                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              6319                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              3992                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              6506                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0              3223                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0              6468                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0              3242                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0              8304                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0              3318                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0              6437                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0             4120                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0             8177                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0             4152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0             6564                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0             4924                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0             6561                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0             3120                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0             8135                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0             3139                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0             8076                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0             3225                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0             8046                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0             3331                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0             6642                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0             3317                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0             6565                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0             3292                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0             6597                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0             3266                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0             6837                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0             3261                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0             8352                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_0             3137                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_0             7953                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_0             3170                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_0             8196                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_0             3181                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_0             6409                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_0             4014                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_0             6488                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_0             3387                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_0             6575                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_0             3345                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_0             6632                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_0             3315                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_0             6590                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_0             3303                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_0             6559                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_0             3194                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_0             6402                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_0             3234                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_0             6475                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_0             3266                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_0             6512                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_0             3280                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_0             6686                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_0             3278                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_0             6698                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_0             3271                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_0             6613                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              2384                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              1111                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              1829                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              1223                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              1081                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              1185                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              1146                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              1922                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              1193                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              1180                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             1906                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             1862                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             1699                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             1232                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             2344                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             1201                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             1058                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             1712                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             1085                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             1658                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1             1182                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             1811                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             1192                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             1233                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             1144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1             1214                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             1124                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             1183                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             1078                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1             1277                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1             1045                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             1877                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_1             1112                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_1             1681                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_1             1138                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_1             1709                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_1             1090                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_1             1183                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_1             1630                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_1             1219                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_1             1087                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_1             1185                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_1             1022                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_1             1177                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_1             1065                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_1             1191                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_1             1073                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_1             1174                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_1             1150                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_1             1136                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_1             1087                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_1             1161                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_1             1084                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_1             1197                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_1             1109                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_1             1226                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_1             1064                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_1             1247                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_1             1086                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_1             1200                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              2560                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              3859                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              2227                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              3965                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              1613                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              4023                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              1637                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              5527                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              1636                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              3856                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             2180                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             5395                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             1978                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             3853                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             2487                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             3880                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2             1524                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2             5004                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             1546                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             5024                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2             1613                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2             5122                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             1654                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2             4028                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2             1598                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2             3963                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2             1571                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             3905                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2             1576                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2             4155                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2             1611                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2             5249                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_2             1505                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_2             4876                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_2             1556                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_2             4927                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_2             1537                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_2             3819                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_2             2015                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_2             3909                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_2             1588                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_2             3823                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_2             1586                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_2             3939                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_2             1555                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_2             3888                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_2             1645                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_2             3965                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_2             1554                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_2             3908                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_2             1554                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_2             3938                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_2             1577                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_2             3900                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_2             1684                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_2             4082                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_2             1562                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_2             4114                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_2             1568                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_2             4044                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles         5132883                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles        11516960                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles         5123249                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles        11594457                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles         5071506                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles        11634333                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles         5078261                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles        11697685                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles         5060844                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles        11608239                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles        5133809                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles       11672610                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles        5137714                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles       11590558                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles        5144663                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles       11580913                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles        5039161                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles       11635050                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles        5047779                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles       11682806                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles        5010328                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles       11630444                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles        5062194                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles       11585672                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles        5058206                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles       11610077                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles        5071547                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles       11618505                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles        5112074                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles       11638434                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles        5079260                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles       11616819                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshr_stall_cycles        5028328                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshr_stall_cycles       11707829                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshr_stall_cycles        5069161                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshr_stall_cycles       11662500                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshr_stall_cycles        5047317                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshr_stall_cycles       11613291                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshr_stall_cycles        5091135                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshr_stall_cycles       11560737                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshr_stall_cycles        5066772                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshr_stall_cycles       11609180                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshr_stall_cycles        5088148                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshr_stall_cycles       11581217                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshr_stall_cycles        5112514                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshr_stall_cycles       11619169                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshr_stall_cycles        5092157                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshr_stall_cycles       11574799                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.mshr_stall_cycles        5064947                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.mshr_stall_cycles       11643497                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.mshr_stall_cycles        5074936                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.mshr_stall_cycles       11602210                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.mshr_stall_cycles        5054347                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.mshr_stall_cycles       11585255                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.mshr_stall_cycles        5030657                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.mshr_stall_cycles       11599128                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.mshr_stall_cycles        5084365                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.mshr_stall_cycles       11628712                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.mshr_stall_cycles        5105950                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.mshr_stall_cycles       11575057                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      870388     25.21%     25.21% |      861153     24.94%     50.14% |      860775     24.93%     75.07% |      860885     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      3453201                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      356940     25.47%     25.47% |      348404     24.86%     50.33% |      348137     24.84%     75.17% |      347985     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1401466                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      870413     25.21%     25.21% |      861153     24.94%     50.14% |      860774     24.93%     75.07% |      860884     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      3453224                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      362798     25.46%     25.46% |      354275     24.86%     50.32% |      354008     24.84%     75.17% |      353856     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1424937                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           80                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6048     25.00%     25.00% |        6048     25.00%     50.00% |        6048     25.00%     75.00% |        6048     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24192                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      505256     25.03%     25.03% |      504557     24.99%     50.02% |      504446     24.99%     75.00% |      504708     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      2018967                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      870388     25.21%     25.21% |      861153     24.94%     50.14% |      860775     24.93%     75.07% |      860885     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      3453201                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      356695     25.47%     25.47% |      348227     24.86%     50.33% |      347960     24.84%     75.17% |      347808     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1400690                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      505256     25.03%     25.03% |      504557     24.99%     50.02% |      504446     24.99%     75.00% |      504708     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      2018967                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      870388     25.21%     25.21% |      861153     24.94%     50.14% |      860774     24.93%     75.07% |      860884     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      3453199                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      356695     25.47%     25.47% |      348227     24.86%     50.33% |      347960     24.84%     75.17% |      347808     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1400690                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          721                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     7024865     73.89%     73.89% |          34      0.00%     73.89% |       87936      0.92%     74.82% |       82752      0.87%     75.69% |       77568      0.82%     76.50% |       91776      0.97%     77.47% |       77568      0.82%     78.28% |       96960      1.02%     79.30% |       82752      0.87%     80.17% |       87936      0.92%     81.10% |       91776      0.97%     82.06% |       91776      0.97%     83.03% |       91776      0.97%     84.00% |       77568      0.82%     84.81% |       77568      0.82%     85.63% |       77568      0.82%     86.44% |       77568      0.82%     87.26% |       91776      0.97%     88.22% |       91776      0.97%     89.19% |       91776      0.97%     90.15% |       77568      0.82%     90.97% |       82752      0.87%     91.84% |       77568      0.82%     92.66% |       77568      0.82%     93.47% |       77568      0.82%     94.29% |       77568      0.82%     95.10% |       77570      0.82%     95.92% |       77568      0.82%     96.74% |       77568      0.82%     97.55% |       77568      0.82%     98.37% |       77568      0.82%     99.18% |       77568      0.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      9507077                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    10854803    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     10854803                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    19673553     95.24%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |       38400      0.19%     95.43% |       34564      0.17%     95.59% |       30720      0.15%     95.74% |       34560      0.17%     95.91% |       30720      0.15%     96.06% |       38403      0.19%     96.24% |       34560      0.17%     96.41% |       38400      0.19%     96.60% |       34560      0.17%     96.77% |       34560      0.17%     96.93% |       34560      0.17%     97.10% |       30720      0.15%     97.25% |       30720      0.15%     97.40% |       30720      0.15%     97.55% |       30720      0.15%     97.69% |       34560      0.17%     97.86% |       34560      0.17%     98.03% |       34560      0.17%     98.20% |       30720      0.15%     98.35% |       34560      0.17%     98.51% |       30720      0.15%     98.66% |       30720      0.15%     98.81% |       30720      0.15%     98.96% |       30720      0.15%     99.11% |       30720      0.15%     99.26% |       30720      0.15%     99.41% |       30720      0.15%     99.55% |       30720      0.15%     99.70% |       30720      0.15%     99.85% |       30720      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     20656600                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       33706      4.35%      4.35% |          34      0.00%      4.35% |       23851      3.08%      7.43% |       25367      3.27%     10.71% |       25436      3.28%     13.99% |       25212      3.25%     17.24% |       24650      3.18%     20.42% |       24823      3.20%     23.63% |       23580      3.04%     26.67% |       24161      3.12%     29.79% |       24247      3.13%     32.91% |       27155      3.50%     36.42% |       27810      3.59%     40.01% |       26616      3.43%     43.44% |       26914      3.47%     46.92% |       26550      3.43%     50.34% |       24249      3.13%     53.47% |       22970      2.96%     56.43% |       21781      2.81%     59.25% |       23098      2.98%     62.23% |       23490      3.03%     65.26% |       25079      3.24%     68.49% |       23307      3.01%     71.50% |       23457      3.03%     74.53% |       22954      2.96%     77.49% |       21708      2.80%     80.29% |       23393      3.02%     83.31% |       26020      3.36%     86.67% |       25075      3.24%     89.90% |       26908      3.47%     93.38% |       26333      3.40%     96.77% |       25002      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       774936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1043246     22.73%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |      132804      2.89%     25.63% |      120725      2.63%     28.26% |      108293      2.36%     30.62% |      132492      2.89%     33.50% |      108542      2.37%     35.87% |      144275      3.14%     39.01% |      120255      2.62%     41.63% |      132538      2.89%     44.52% |      132322      2.88%     47.40% |      132065      2.88%     50.28% |      132813      2.89%     53.18% |      108826      2.37%     55.55% |      108688      2.37%     57.92% |      108714      2.37%     60.28% |      108627      2.37%     62.65% |      132149      2.88%     65.53% |      132083      2.88%     68.41% |      132136      2.88%     71.29% |      108741      2.37%     73.66% |      120869      2.63%     76.29% |      108917      2.37%     78.67% |      108993      2.37%     81.04% |      108717      2.37%     83.41% |      108844      2.37%     85.78% |      108778      2.37%     88.15% |      108613      2.37%     90.52% |      108680      2.37%     92.89% |      108829      2.37%     95.26% |      108774      2.37%     97.63% |      108874      2.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      4589222                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     20.83%     20.83% |           0      0.00%     20.83% |           0      0.00%     20.83% |           0      0.00%     20.83% |          12     50.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           7     29.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           24                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           5      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |        1999      2.93%      2.94% |        3222      4.73%      7.67% |        2393      3.51%     11.18% |        2641      3.88%     15.06% |        2665      3.91%     18.97% |        2928      4.30%     23.26% |        2196      3.22%     26.49% |        2725      4.00%     30.48% |        2078      3.05%     33.53% |        2290      3.36%     36.89% |        2993      4.39%     41.29% |        2103      3.09%     44.37% |        2085      3.06%     47.43% |        2497      3.66%     51.10% |        2585      3.79%     54.89% |        2496      3.66%     58.55% |        1935      2.84%     61.39% |        2507      3.68%     65.07% |        2185      3.21%     68.28% |        2019      2.96%     71.24% |        1732      2.54%     73.78% |        2427      3.56%     77.34% |        2385      3.50%     80.84% |        1977      2.90%     83.74% |         943      1.38%     85.13% |        2600      3.82%     88.94% |        1948      2.86%     91.80% |        2239      3.29%     95.09% |        1699      2.49%     97.58% |        1648      2.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        68145                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      251257     10.37%     10.37% |          29      0.00%     10.37% |       78872      3.26%     13.63% |       72840      3.01%     16.63% |       68002      2.81%     19.44% |       82623      3.41%     22.85% |       67893      2.80%     25.65% |       85543      3.53%     29.18% |       70653      2.92%     32.10% |       77463      3.20%     35.30% |       84543      3.49%     38.78% |       80109      3.31%     42.09% |       80867      3.34%     45.43% |       66896      2.76%     48.19% |       64784      2.67%     50.86% |       65364      2.70%     53.56% |       66526      2.75%     56.31% |       80831      3.34%     59.64% |       81808      3.38%     63.02% |       83033      3.43%     66.45% |       67760      2.80%     69.24% |       70966      2.93%     72.17% |       66964      2.76%     74.94% |       66705      2.75%     77.69% |       65783      2.72%     80.40% |       68753      2.84%     83.24% |       69966      2.89%     86.13% |       66370      2.74%     88.87% |       67018      2.77%     91.63% |       67075      2.77%     94.40% |       66747      2.75%     97.16% |       68864      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2422907                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.01%      0.01% |        2197      3.22%      3.23% |        2052      3.01%      6.24% |        1816      2.66%      8.91% |        1482      2.17%     11.08% |        1778      2.61%     13.69% |        1711      2.51%     16.20% |        2178      3.20%     19.40% |        1410      2.07%     21.47% |        2528      3.71%     25.18% |        3000      4.40%     29.58% |        2184      3.20%     32.78% |        2839      4.17%     36.95% |        2596      3.81%     40.76% |        2934      4.31%     45.07% |        2696      3.96%     49.02% |        2179      3.20%     52.22% |        2865      4.20%     56.42% |        2022      2.97%     59.39% |        2007      2.95%     62.34% |        2121      3.11%     65.45% |        2470      3.62%     69.07% |        3049      4.47%     73.55% |        2348      3.45%     76.99% |        1994      2.93%     79.92% |        2293      3.36%     83.28% |        2992      4.39%     87.67% |        2951      4.33%     92.01% |        2173      3.19%     95.19% |        1992      2.92%     98.12% |        1283      1.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        68145                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      792478     39.30%     39.30% |           0      0.00%     39.30% |       45102      2.24%     41.53% |       42293      2.10%     43.63% |       38360      1.90%     45.53% |       42117      2.09%     47.62% |       38504      1.91%     49.53% |       47976      2.38%     51.91% |       44360      2.20%     54.11% |       47327      2.35%     56.46% |       39242      1.95%     58.40% |       43189      2.14%     60.54% |       43262      2.15%     62.69% |       38522      1.91%     64.60% |       40872      2.03%     66.63% |       39964      1.98%     68.61% |       39040      1.94%     70.54% |       43301      2.15%     72.69% |       41663      2.07%     74.76% |       41277      2.05%     76.80% |       38521      1.91%     78.71% |       44225      2.19%     80.91% |       38854      1.93%     82.83% |       38534      1.91%     84.74% |       40157      1.99%     86.73% |       37541      1.86%     88.60% |       36020      1.79%     90.38% |       38923      1.93%     92.31% |       38317      1.90%     94.21% |       39039      1.94%     96.15% |       39539      1.96%     98.11% |       38139      1.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      2016658                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      898458     25.11%     25.11% |           0      0.00%     25.11% |      100605      2.81%     27.92% |       90299      2.52%     30.45% |       81664      2.28%     32.73% |       98852      2.76%     35.49% |       82035      2.29%     37.79% |      107810      3.01%     40.80% |       91028      2.54%     43.34% |       99492      2.78%     46.12% |      100945      2.82%     48.95% |       98030      2.74%     51.69% |       97270      2.72%     54.41% |       80781      2.26%     56.66% |       80108      2.24%     58.90% |       80234      2.24%     61.14% |       82126      2.30%     63.44% |      100138      2.80%     66.24% |      101930      2.85%     69.09% |      102078      2.85%     71.94% |       83840      2.34%     74.28% |       90695      2.53%     76.82% |       83805      2.34%     79.16% |       83563      2.34%     81.50% |       83821      2.34%     83.84% |       85757      2.40%     86.24% |       84383      2.36%     88.60% |       81295      2.27%     90.87% |       82190      2.30%     93.16% |       80828      2.26%     95.42% |       81255      2.27%     97.70% |       82459      2.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      3577774                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      241503      8.87%      8.87% |          17      0.00%      8.87% |       87806      3.23%     12.10% |       82601      3.04%     15.14% |       77425      2.84%     17.98% |       91635      3.37%     21.35% |       77416      2.84%     24.19% |       96817      3.56%     27.75% |       82615      3.04%     30.79% |       87767      3.23%     34.01% |       91656      3.37%     37.38% |       91665      3.37%     40.75% |       91677      3.37%     44.12% |       77456      2.85%     46.96% |       77439      2.85%     49.81% |       77462      2.85%     52.65% |       77463      2.85%     55.50% |       91642      3.37%     58.87% |       91774      3.37%     62.24% |       91769      3.37%     65.61% |       77567      2.85%     68.46% |       82752      3.04%     71.50% |       77568      2.85%     74.35% |       77568      2.85%     77.20% |       77567      2.85%     80.05% |       77568      2.85%     82.90% |       77531      2.85%     85.75% |       77539      2.85%     88.60% |       77545      2.85%     91.45% |       77542      2.85%     94.30% |       77541      2.85%     97.15% |       77550      2.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      2721443                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122873    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122873                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      665007     40.38%     40.38% |           0      0.00%     40.38% |       38192      2.32%     42.70% |       34426      2.09%     44.79% |       30607      1.86%     46.65% |       34448      2.09%     48.74% |       30608      1.86%     50.60% |       38273      2.32%     52.92% |       34448      2.09%     55.01% |       38283      2.32%     57.34% |       34560      2.10%     59.44% |       34560      2.10%     61.53% |       34560      2.10%     63.63% |       30720      1.87%     65.50% |       30720      1.87%     67.36% |       30720      1.87%     69.23% |       30720      1.87%     71.09% |       34560      2.10%     73.19% |       34476      2.09%     75.28% |       34560      2.10%     77.38% |       30720      1.87%     79.25% |       34560      2.10%     81.35% |       30720      1.87%     83.21% |       30720      1.87%     85.08% |       30720      1.87%     86.94% |       30720      1.87%     88.81% |       30720      1.87%     90.67% |       30720      1.87%     92.54% |       30720      1.87%     94.40% |       30720      1.87%     96.27% |       30720      1.87%     98.13% |       30720      1.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1646928                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11159      4.39%      4.39% |           0      0.00%      4.39% |        7158      2.82%      7.20% |        8648      3.40%     10.60% |        7998      3.15%     13.75% |        6936      2.73%     16.48% |        7769      3.06%     19.53% |        9198      3.62%     23.15% |        9056      3.56%     26.71% |        7927      3.12%     29.83% |        5685      2.24%     32.07% |        9441      3.71%     35.78% |        8978      3.53%     39.31% |        8144      3.20%     42.51% |        9544      3.75%     46.27% |        9108      3.58%     49.85% |        8179      3.22%     53.06% |        7195      2.83%     55.89% |        7115      2.80%     58.69% |        7020      2.76%     61.45% |        7669      3.02%     64.47% |        8866      3.49%     67.96% |        8008      3.15%     71.11% |        8677      3.41%     74.52% |        9426      3.71%     78.22% |        7078      2.78%     81.01% |        5817      2.29%     83.30% |        9571      3.76%     87.06% |        8716      3.43%     90.49% |        8789      3.46%     93.94% |        8663      3.41%     97.35% |        6735      2.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       254273                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       10446     89.29%     89.29% |          17      0.15%     89.43% |         108      0.92%     90.36% |          51      0.44%     90.79% |          42      0.36%     91.15% |          38      0.32%     91.48% |          48      0.41%     91.89% |          35      0.30%     92.19% |          29      0.25%     92.44% |          57      0.49%     92.92% |          97      0.83%     93.75% |          73      0.62%     94.38% |          76      0.65%     95.03% |          81      0.69%     95.72% |          93      0.79%     96.51% |          80      0.68%     97.20% |          79      0.68%     97.87% |         109      0.93%     98.80% |           2      0.02%     98.82% |           3      0.03%     98.85% |           1      0.01%     98.85% |           0      0.00%     98.85% |           0      0.00%     98.85% |           0      0.00%     98.85% |           1      0.01%     98.86% |           0      0.00%     98.86% |          28      0.24%     99.10% |          26      0.22%     99.32% |          21      0.18%     99.50% |          25      0.21%     99.72% |          17      0.15%     99.86% |          16      0.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        11699                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3735    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3735                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         173     16.73%     16.73% |           0      0.00%     16.73% |          65      6.29%     23.02% |         107     10.35%     33.37% |         104     10.06%     43.42% |         101      9.77%     53.19% |         103      9.96%     63.15% |         105     10.15%     73.31% |          99      9.57%     82.88% |          93      8.99%     91.88% |           0      0.00%     91.88% |           0      0.00%     91.88% |           0      0.00%     91.88% |           0      0.00%     91.88% |           0      0.00%     91.88% |           0      0.00%     91.88% |           0      0.00%     91.88% |           0      0.00%     91.88% |          84      8.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total         1034                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        7429      1.51%      1.51% |           0      0.00%      1.51% |       16037      3.27%      4.78% |       16173      3.30%      8.08% |       16886      3.44%     11.52% |       18095      3.69%     15.21% |       16293      3.32%     18.53% |       15375      3.13%     21.67% |       13882      2.83%     24.49% |       15539      3.17%     27.66% |       18043      3.68%     31.34% |       17107      3.49%     34.83% |       18253      3.72%     38.55% |       17901      3.65%     42.20% |       16750      3.41%     45.61% |       16896      3.44%     49.06% |       15584      3.18%     52.23% |       15623      3.18%     55.42% |       14450      2.95%     58.36% |       15505      3.16%     61.52% |       15336      3.13%     64.65% |       15804      3.22%     67.87% |       14829      3.02%     70.89% |       14221      2.90%     73.79% |       12965      2.64%     76.43% |       14145      2.88%     79.32% |       17107      3.49%     82.80% |       15991      3.26%     86.06% |       15916      3.24%     89.31% |       17544      3.58%     92.88% |       17111      3.49%     96.37% |       17800      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total       490590                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       24988     98.31%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |          28      0.11%     98.42% |          25      0.10%     98.52% |          27      0.11%     98.63% |          30      0.12%     98.74% |          32      0.13%     98.87% |          32      0.13%     99.00% |          32      0.13%     99.12% |          23      0.09%     99.21% |          33      0.13%     99.34% |          23      0.09%     99.43% |          31      0.12%     99.56% |          36      0.14%     99.70% |          26      0.10%     99.80% |          26      0.10%     99.90% |          25      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        25417                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    10728154    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     10728154                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4752      4.88%      4.88% |           5      0.01%      4.89% |        2163      2.22%      7.11% |        2948      3.03%     10.14% |        2867      2.95%     13.08% |        3014      3.10%     16.18% |        3026      3.11%     19.29% |        2789      2.87%     22.15% |        2526      2.60%     24.75% |        2531      2.60%     27.35% |        2533      2.60%     29.95% |        3307      3.40%     33.35% |        3639      3.74%     37.09% |        3742      3.84%     40.93% |        4027      4.14%     45.07% |        4112      4.22%     49.29% |        3614      3.71%     53.01% |        3403      3.50%     56.50% |        2457      2.52%     59.03% |        2995      3.08%     62.10% |        3375      3.47%     65.57% |        3419      3.51%     69.08% |        3149      3.24%     72.32% |        3281      3.37%     75.69% |        3147      3.23%     78.92% |        2872      2.95%     81.87% |        2263      2.32%     84.20% |        3296      3.39%     87.58% |        2812      2.89%     90.47% |        3337      3.43%     93.90% |        3114      3.20%     97.10% |        2823      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        97338                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122472     30.13%     30.13% |           0      0.00%     30.13% |        8844      2.18%     32.31% |       10043      2.47%     34.78% |        8970      2.21%     36.98% |        8624      2.12%     39.10% |        9184      2.26%     41.36% |       11393      2.80%     44.17% |       11641      2.86%     47.03% |       10507      2.58%     49.62% |        6716      1.65%     51.27% |       10576      2.60%     53.87% |       10202      2.51%     56.38% |        8982      2.21%     58.59% |       10789      2.65%     61.24% |       10540      2.59%     63.84% |        9961      2.45%     66.29% |        9929      2.44%     68.73% |        9358      2.30%     71.03% |        8234      2.03%     73.06% |        8599      2.12%     75.17% |       10301      2.53%     77.71% |        9142      2.25%     79.96% |        9992      2.46%     82.41% |       10989      2.70%     85.12% |        7874      1.94%     87.06% |        6249      1.54%     88.59% |       10461      2.57%     91.17% |        9647      2.37%     93.54% |        9378      2.31%     95.85% |        9383      2.31%     98.16% |        7499      1.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       406479                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3153956     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |          22      0.00%     99.98% |          72      0.00%     99.98% |          76      0.00%     99.99% |          76      0.00%     99.99% |          74      0.00%     99.99% |          76      0.00%     99.99% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3154544                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       38463    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        38463                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |       17362      5.52%      5.52% |          29      0.01%      5.53% |       10371      3.30%      8.83% |        9664      3.07%     11.90% |       10637      3.38%     15.29% |       11236      3.57%     18.86% |        9863      3.14%     22.00% |        9014      2.87%     24.86% |        8319      2.65%     27.51% |        9740      3.10%     30.61% |       12255      3.90%     34.51% |       10665      3.39%     37.90% |       11407      3.63%     41.53% |       11233      3.57%     45.10% |       10177      3.24%     48.33% |        9849      3.13%     51.47% |        9537      3.03%     54.50% |        9780      3.11%     57.61% |        8869      2.82%     60.43% |        9783      3.11%     63.54% |        9184      2.92%     66.46% |        9089      2.89%     69.36% |        9007      2.86%     72.22% |        8498      2.70%     74.92% |        7303      2.32%     77.25% |        8251      2.62%     79.87% |       11314      3.60%     83.47% |       10073      3.20%     86.67% |       10203      3.25%     89.92% |       10501      3.34%     93.26% |       10135      3.22%     96.48% |       11066      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total       314414                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      195245      9.76%      9.76% |           0      0.00%      9.76% |       66501      3.32%     13.08% |       59935      3.00%     16.08% |       54934      2.75%     18.83% |       68479      3.42%     22.25% |       55390      2.77%     25.02% |       73387      3.67%     28.69% |       60153      3.01%     31.69% |       65022      3.25%     34.94% |       70192      3.51%     38.45% |       67168      3.36%     41.81% |       66451      3.32%     45.13% |       53556      2.68%     47.81% |       52504      2.62%     50.43% |       53006      2.65%     53.08% |       54385      2.72%     55.80% |       68314      3.41%     59.21% |       70806      3.54%     62.75% |       70759      3.54%     66.29% |       56353      2.82%     69.11% |       59855      2.99%     72.10% |       56224      2.81%     74.91% |       55793      2.79%     77.70% |       56108      2.80%     80.50% |       58509      2.92%     83.43% |       57673      2.88%     86.31% |       53671      2.68%     88.99% |       54828      2.74%     91.73% |       54351      2.72%     94.45% |       54920      2.75%     97.19% |       56123      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      2000595                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1976      2.93%      2.93% |        3193      4.73%      7.65% |        2384      3.53%     11.18% |        2626      3.89%     15.07% |        2640      3.91%     18.98% |        2918      4.32%     23.30% |        2178      3.22%     26.52% |        2683      3.97%     30.49% |        2039      3.02%     33.51% |        2259      3.34%     36.85% |        2957      4.38%     41.23% |        2094      3.10%     44.33% |        2076      3.07%     47.40% |        2478      3.67%     51.07% |        2569      3.80%     54.88% |        2463      3.65%     58.52% |        1920      2.84%     61.36% |        2491      3.69%     65.05% |        2170      3.21%     68.26% |        2011      2.98%     71.24% |        1720      2.55%     73.79% |        2414      3.57%     77.36% |        2359      3.49%     80.85% |        1952      2.89%     83.74% |         940      1.39%     85.13% |        2576      3.81%     88.95% |        1917      2.84%     91.79% |        2223      3.29%     95.08% |        1692      2.50%     97.58% |        1634      2.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        67552                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3589753    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      3589753                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    18966515    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |         143      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     18966773                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         428      0.40%      0.40% |           0      0.00%      0.40% |        4111      3.83%      4.22% |        4056      3.78%      8.00% |        3885      3.62%     11.62% |        3996      3.72%     15.34% |        3944      3.67%     19.01% |        3779      3.52%     22.52% |        3631      3.38%     25.90% |        3906      3.64%     29.54% |        3735      3.48%     33.02% |        3696      3.44%     36.46% |        3736      3.48%     39.93% |        3458      3.22%     43.15% |        3111      2.90%     46.05% |        3454      3.21%     49.26% |        2901      2.70%     51.96% |        2549      2.37%     54.34% |        3254      3.03%     57.36% |        3241      3.02%     60.38% |        3215      2.99%     63.37% |        3672      3.42%     66.79% |        3086      2.87%     69.66% |        2950      2.75%     72.41% |        3007      2.80%     75.21% |        3452      3.21%     78.42% |        3949      3.68%     82.10% |        3021      2.81%     84.91% |        3288      3.06%     87.97% |        4224      3.93%     91.90% |        4385      4.08%     95.98% |        4315      4.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total       107435                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      703213     44.59%     44.59% |           0      0.00%     44.59% |       34104      2.16%     46.75% |       30364      1.93%     48.67% |       26730      1.69%     50.37% |       30373      1.93%     52.29% |       26645      1.69%     53.98% |       34423      2.18%     56.17% |       30875      1.96%     58.12% |       34470      2.19%     60.31% |       30753      1.95%     62.26% |       30862      1.96%     64.22% |       30819      1.95%     66.17% |       27225      1.73%     67.90% |       27604      1.75%     69.65% |       27228      1.73%     71.37% |       27741      1.76%     73.13% |       31824      2.02%     75.15% |       31124      1.97%     77.12% |       31319      1.99%     79.11% |       27487      1.74%     80.85% |       30840      1.96%     82.81% |       27581      1.75%     84.56% |       27770      1.76%     86.32% |       27713      1.76%     88.07% |       27248      1.73%     89.80% |       26710      1.69%     91.50% |       27624      1.75%     93.25% |       27362      1.73%     94.98% |       26477      1.68%     96.66% |       26335      1.67%     98.33% |       26336      1.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1577179                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     20.83%     20.83% |           0      0.00%     20.83% |           0      0.00%     20.83% |           0      0.00%     20.83% |          12     50.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           7     29.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           24                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     15.00%     15.00% |           0      0.00%     15.00% |           4     20.00%     35.00% |           1      5.00%     40.00% |           1      5.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           2     10.00%     65.00% |           1      5.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           1      5.00%     75.00% |           1      5.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           2     10.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |       12257     16.54%     16.54% |           0      0.00%     16.54% |        3758      5.07%     21.61% |        2212      2.99%     24.60% |         486      0.66%     25.25% |        5038      6.80%     32.05% |         524      0.71%     32.76% |        6235      8.41%     41.17% |        1857      2.51%     43.68% |        3599      4.86%     48.54% |        4592      6.20%     54.73% |        4379      5.91%     60.64% |        5157      6.96%     67.60% |         621      0.84%     68.44% |         597      0.81%     69.25% |         583      0.79%     70.03% |         553      0.75%     70.78% |        4634      6.25%     77.03% |        4450      6.01%     83.04% |        4330      5.84%     88.88% |         516      0.70%     89.58% |        2149      2.90%     92.48% |         559      0.75%     93.23% |         713      0.96%     94.20% |         524      0.71%     94.90% |         632      0.85%     95.76% |         508      0.69%     96.44% |         470      0.63%     97.08% |         534      0.72%     97.80% |         491      0.66%     98.46% |         518      0.70%     99.16% |         623      0.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total        74099                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      251257     10.37%     10.37% |          29      0.00%     10.37% |       78872      3.26%     13.63% |       72837      3.01%     16.63% |       68002      2.81%     19.44% |       82620      3.41%     22.85% |       67893      2.80%     25.65% |       85543      3.53%     29.18% |       70653      2.92%     32.10% |       77462      3.20%     35.30% |       84543      3.49%     38.78% |       80109      3.31%     42.09% |       80867      3.34%     45.43% |       66896      2.76%     48.19% |       64784      2.67%     50.86% |       65363      2.70%     53.56% |       66526      2.75%     56.31% |       80829      3.34%     59.64% |       81807      3.38%     63.02% |       83033      3.43%     66.45% |       67760      2.80%     69.24% |       70966      2.93%     72.17% |       66964      2.76%     74.94% |       66705      2.75%     77.69% |       65783      2.72%     80.40% |       68753      2.84%     83.24% |       69966      2.89%     86.13% |       66370      2.74%     88.87% |       67018      2.77%     91.63% |       67075      2.77%     94.40% |       66747      2.75%     97.16% |       68864      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2422896                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.01%      0.01% |        2197      3.22%      3.23% |        2052      3.01%      6.24% |        1816      2.66%      8.91% |        1482      2.17%     11.08% |        1778      2.61%     13.69% |        1711      2.51%     16.20% |        2178      3.20%     19.40% |        1410      2.07%     21.47% |        2528      3.71%     25.18% |        3000      4.40%     29.58% |        2184      3.20%     32.78% |        2839      4.17%     36.95% |        2596      3.81%     40.76% |        2934      4.31%     45.07% |        2696      3.96%     49.02% |        2179      3.20%     52.22% |        2865      4.20%     56.42% |        2022      2.97%     59.39% |        2007      2.95%     62.34% |        2121      3.11%     65.45% |        2470      3.62%     69.07% |        3049      4.47%     73.55% |        2348      3.45%     76.99% |        1994      2.93%     79.92% |        2293      3.36%     83.28% |        2992      4.39%     87.67% |        2951      4.33%     92.01% |        2173      3.19%     95.19% |        1992      2.92%     98.12% |        1283      1.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        68145                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      127298     34.53%     34.53% |           0      0.00%     34.53% |        6845      1.86%     36.38% |        7760      2.10%     38.49% |        7649      2.07%     40.56% |        7567      2.05%     42.62% |        7792      2.11%     44.73% |        9597      2.60%     47.33% |        9813      2.66%     49.99% |        8951      2.43%     52.42% |        4682      1.27%     53.69% |        8629      2.34%     56.03% |        8702      2.36%     58.39% |        7802      2.12%     60.51% |       10152      2.75%     63.26% |        9244      2.51%     65.77% |        8320      2.26%     68.03% |        8741      2.37%     70.40% |        7103      1.93%     72.32% |        6717      1.82%     74.15% |        7800      2.12%     76.26% |        9664      2.62%     78.88% |        8134      2.21%     81.09% |        7814      2.12%     83.21% |        9437      2.56%     85.77% |        6821      1.85%     87.62% |        5298      1.44%     89.05% |        8203      2.22%     91.28% |        7597      2.06%     93.34% |        8319      2.26%     95.60% |        8819      2.39%     97.99% |        7417      2.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       368687                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |        2630      6.53%      6.53% |           0      0.00%      6.53% |        3560      8.84%     15.37% |        1998      4.96%     20.33% |         287      0.71%     21.04% |        1883      4.67%     25.71% |         506      1.26%     26.97% |        3462      8.59%     35.57% |        1847      4.59%     40.15% |        3401      8.44%     48.59% |        2026      5.03%     53.62% |        1973      4.90%     58.52% |        1931      4.79%     63.32% |         541      1.34%     64.66% |         444      1.10%     65.76% |         461      1.14%     66.91% |         403      1.00%     67.91% |        1825      4.53%     72.44% |        1895      4.70%     77.14% |        1989      4.94%     82.08% |         450      1.12%     83.20% |        1920      4.77%     87.96% |         582      1.44%     89.41% |         504      1.25%     90.66% |         418      1.04%     91.70% |         436      1.08%     92.78% |         531      1.32%     94.10% |         396      0.98%     95.08% |         393      0.98%     96.06% |         588      1.46%     97.52% |         507      1.26%     98.78% |         493      1.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total        40280                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      665180     40.36%     40.36% |           0      0.00%     40.36% |       38257      2.32%     42.69% |       34533      2.10%     44.78% |       30711      1.86%     46.64% |       34549      2.10%     48.74% |       30711      1.86%     50.60% |       38378      2.33%     52.93% |       34547      2.10%     55.03% |       38376      2.33%     57.36% |       34560      2.10%     59.46% |       34560      2.10%     61.55% |       34560      2.10%     63.65% |       30720      1.86%     65.51% |       30720      1.86%     67.38% |       30720      1.86%     69.24% |       30720      1.86%     71.11% |       34560      2.10%     73.20% |       34560      2.10%     75.30% |       34560      2.10%     77.40% |       30720      1.86%     79.26% |       34560      2.10%     81.36% |       30720      1.86%     83.22% |       30720      1.86%     85.09% |       30720      1.86%     86.95% |       30720      1.86%     88.82% |       30720      1.86%     90.68% |       30720      1.86%     92.54% |       30720      1.86%     94.41% |       30720      1.86%     96.27% |       30720      1.86%     98.14% |       30720      1.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1647962                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     27.27%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           3     27.27%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           1      9.09%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      9.09%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           2     18.18%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           1     11.11%     22.22% |           1     11.11%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     11.11%     44.44% |           1     11.11%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           2     22.22%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        4219     99.95%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           2      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         4221                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          41    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           41                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        3377     99.79%     99.79% |           0      0.00%     99.79% |           0      0.00%     99.79% |           4      0.12%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           3      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         3384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           5      0.34%      0.34% |           0      0.00%      0.34% |          48      3.30%      3.64% |          48      3.30%      6.94% |          49      3.37%     10.30% |          26      1.79%     12.09% |          47      3.23%     15.32% |          42      2.88%     18.20% |          48      3.30%     21.50% |          56      3.85%     25.34% |          39      2.68%     28.02% |          46      3.16%     31.18% |          50      3.43%     34.62% |          39      2.68%     37.29% |          55      3.78%     41.07% |          26      1.79%     42.86% |          18      1.24%     44.09% |          41      2.82%     46.91% |          85      5.84%     52.75% |          59      4.05%     56.80% |          46      3.16%     59.96% |          32      2.20%     62.16% |          57      3.91%     66.07% |          51      3.50%     69.57% |          71      4.88%     74.45% |          55      3.78%     78.23% |          48      3.30%     81.52% |          59      4.05%     85.58% |          56      3.85%     89.42% |          57      3.91%     93.34% |          36      2.47%     95.81% |          61      4.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total         1456                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          23      3.91%      3.91% |          29      4.93%      8.84% |           9      1.53%     10.37% |          15      2.55%     12.93% |          25      4.25%     17.18% |          10      1.70%     18.88% |          18      3.06%     21.94% |          42      7.14%     29.08% |          39      6.63%     35.71% |          31      5.27%     40.99% |          36      6.12%     47.11% |           9      1.53%     48.64% |           9      1.53%     50.17% |          19      3.23%     53.40% |          16      2.72%     56.12% |          33      5.61%     61.73% |          15      2.55%     64.29% |          16      2.72%     67.01% |          15      2.55%     69.56% |           8      1.36%     70.92% |          12      2.04%     72.96% |          13      2.21%     75.17% |          26      4.42%     79.59% |          25      4.25%     83.84% |           3      0.51%     84.35% |          24      4.08%     88.44% |          31      5.27%     93.71% |          16      2.72%     96.43% |           7      1.19%     97.62% |          14      2.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total          588                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      898453     25.13%     25.13% |           0      0.00%     25.13% |      100534      2.81%     27.94% |       90222      2.52%     30.46% |       81606      2.28%     32.74% |       98811      2.76%     35.51% |       81963      2.29%     37.80% |      107758      3.01%     40.81% |       90962      2.54%     43.36% |       99394      2.78%     46.14% |      100867      2.82%     48.96% |       97953      2.74%     51.70% |       97184      2.72%     54.41% |       80733      2.26%     56.67% |       80044      2.24%     58.91% |       80189      2.24%     61.15% |       82092      2.30%     63.45% |      100064      2.80%     66.25% |      101830      2.85%     69.10% |      102003      2.85%     71.95% |       83779      2.34%     74.29% |       90655      2.54%     76.83% |       83736      2.34%     79.17% |       83499      2.34%     81.50% |       83724      2.34%     83.84% |       85677      2.40%     86.24% |       84332      2.36%     88.60% |       81212      2.27%     90.87% |       82103      2.30%     93.17% |       80755      2.26%     95.42% |       81212      2.27%     97.70% |       82384      2.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      3575730                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           5      0.24%      0.24% |           0      0.00%      0.24% |          71      3.47%      3.72% |          77      3.77%      7.49% |          58      2.84%     10.32% |          41      2.01%     12.33% |          72      3.52%     15.85% |          52      2.54%     18.40% |          66      3.23%     21.62% |          98      4.79%     26.42% |          78      3.82%     30.23% |          77      3.77%     34.00% |          86      4.21%     38.21% |          48      2.35%     40.56% |          64      3.13%     43.69% |          45      2.20%     45.89% |          34      1.66%     47.55% |          74      3.62%     51.17% |         100      4.89%     56.07% |          75      3.67%     59.74% |          61      2.98%     62.72% |          40      1.96%     64.68% |          69      3.38%     68.05% |          64      3.13%     71.18% |          97      4.75%     75.93% |          80      3.91%     79.84% |          51      2.50%     82.34% |          83      4.06%     86.40% |          87      4.26%     90.66% |          73      3.57%     94.23% |          43      2.10%     96.33% |          75      3.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total         2044                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3923      3.09%      3.09% |        3795      2.99%      6.08% |        3525      2.78%      8.86% |        3538      2.79%     11.65% |        3622      2.86%     14.51% |        4090      3.22%     17.73% |        3811      3.00%     20.74% |        3375      2.66%     23.40% |        3696      2.91%     26.31% |        5224      4.12%     30.43% |        4050      3.19%     33.62% |        3865      3.05%     36.67% |        3785      2.98%     39.65% |        4419      3.48%     43.14% |        3941      3.11%     46.24% |        3832      3.02%     49.27% |        4255      3.35%     52.62% |        4227      3.33%     55.95% |        3699      2.92%     58.87% |        3350      2.64%     61.51% |        3130      2.47%     63.98% |        3783      2.98%     66.96% |        3576      2.82%     69.78% |        3426      2.70%     72.48% |        3682      2.90%     75.38% |        3834      3.02%     78.41% |        3312      2.61%     81.02% |        4757      3.75%     84.77% |        4045      3.19%     87.96% |        5426      4.28%     92.23% |        5260      4.15%     96.38% |        4592      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       126845                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      159550      5.82%      5.82% |       83442      3.05%      8.87% |       82154      3.00%     11.87% |       83239      3.04%     14.91% |       82579      3.01%     17.92% |       82364      3.01%     20.93% |       81840      2.99%     23.92% |       81761      2.98%     26.90% |       82084      3.00%     29.90% |       82335      3.01%     32.90% |       84390      3.08%     35.98% |       83546      3.05%     39.03% |       82600      3.02%     42.05% |       82470      3.01%     45.06% |       81745      2.98%     48.04% |       81825      2.99%     51.03% |       82747      3.02%     54.05% |       82251      3.00%     57.05% |       82616      3.02%     60.07% |       82861      3.02%     63.09% |       82912      3.03%     66.12% |       91522      3.34%     69.46% |       89494      3.27%     72.73% |       82135      3.00%     75.72% |       82192      3.00%     78.73% |       82808      3.02%     81.75% |       82034      2.99%     84.74% |       81916      2.99%     87.73% |       82636      3.02%     90.75% |       81939      2.99%     93.74% |       82819      3.02%     96.76% |       88669      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      2739475                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       64908      3.94%      3.94% |       50748      3.08%      7.02% |       50730      3.08%     10.09% |       51733      3.14%     13.23% |       50498      3.06%     16.29% |       50282      3.05%     19.34% |       50566      3.07%     22.41% |       50060      3.04%     25.45% |       50252      3.05%     28.49% |       50582      3.07%     31.56% |       50716      3.08%     34.64% |       50231      3.05%     37.69% |       50109      3.04%     40.73% |       50642      3.07%     43.80% |       49997      3.03%     46.83% |       50058      3.04%     49.87% |       50143      3.04%     52.91% |       50609      3.07%     55.98% |       50594      3.07%     59.05% |       50571      3.07%     62.11% |       50928      3.09%     65.20% |       57101      3.46%     68.67% |       52172      3.16%     71.83% |       50389      3.06%     74.89% |       50821      3.08%     77.97% |       50418      3.06%     81.03% |       50762      3.08%     84.11% |       50745      3.08%     87.19% |       51293      3.11%     90.30% |       51064      3.10%     93.39% |       53788      3.26%     96.66% |       55126      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1648636                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      199161      5.57%      5.57% |      108816      3.04%      8.61% |      107604      3.01%     11.62% |      109638      3.06%     14.68% |      107695      3.01%     17.69% |      106827      2.99%     20.68% |      107001      2.99%     23.67% |      106303      2.97%     26.64% |      106879      2.99%     29.63% |      107350      3.00%     32.63% |      109287      3.06%     35.69% |      108102      3.02%     38.71% |      107087      2.99%     41.70% |      107567      3.01%     44.71% |      106313      2.97%     47.68% |      106494      2.98%     50.66% |      107656      3.01%     53.67% |      107482      3.00%     56.67% |      107863      3.02%     59.69% |      108121      3.02%     62.71% |      108527      3.03%     65.74% |      123232      3.44%     69.19% |      116632      3.26%     72.45% |      107657      3.01%     75.46% |      108104      3.02%     78.48% |      108150      3.02%     81.50% |      107817      3.01%     84.52% |      107508      3.01%     87.52% |      108774      3.04%     90.57% |      107743      3.01%     93.58% |      111348      3.11%     96.69% |      118411      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      3577149                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |          67      2.60%      2.60% |         101      3.92%      6.52% |         107      4.15%     10.68% |          92      3.57%     14.25% |         108      4.19%     18.44% |         110      4.27%     22.71% |          76      2.95%     25.66% |         127      4.93%     30.59% |          92      3.57%     34.16% |          69      2.68%     36.84% |          73      2.83%     39.67% |          93      3.61%     43.28% |          79      3.07%     46.35% |          56      2.17%     48.52% |          61      2.37%     50.89% |          66      2.56%     53.45% |          84      3.26%     56.72% |          61      2.37%     59.08% |          83      3.22%     62.31% |          79      3.07%     65.37% |          80      3.11%     68.48% |          88      3.42%     71.89% |          68      2.64%     74.53% |          75      2.91%     77.45% |          70      2.72%     80.16% |          66      2.56%     82.73% |          82      3.18%     85.91% |          58      2.25%     88.16% |          76      2.95%     91.11% |          87      3.38%     94.49% |          64      2.48%     96.97% |          78      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total         2576                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       49584      3.77%      3.77% |       40877      3.11%      6.88% |       40835      3.10%      9.98% |       40749      3.10%     13.08% |       40689      3.09%     16.17% |       40666      3.09%     19.27% |       40703      3.09%     22.36% |       40709      3.10%     25.46% |       40780      3.10%     28.56% |       40791      3.10%     31.66% |       40807      3.10%     34.76% |       40840      3.11%     37.87% |       40890      3.11%     40.97% |       40897      3.11%     44.08% |       40961      3.11%     47.20% |       40905      3.11%     50.31% |       40960      3.11%     53.42% |       40916      3.11%     56.53% |       40839      3.11%     59.64% |       40767      3.10%     62.74% |       40703      3.09%     65.83% |       40729      3.10%     68.93% |       40739      3.10%     72.03% |       40756      3.10%     75.13% |       40796      3.10%     78.23% |       40843      3.11%     81.33% |       40845      3.11%     84.44% |       40885      3.11%     87.55% |       40938      3.11%     90.66% |       40960      3.11%     93.77% |       40975      3.12%     96.89% |       40927      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1315261                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       66168      3.14%      3.14% |       65811      3.13%      6.27% |       65664      3.12%      9.39% |       65562      3.12%     12.51% |       65534      3.11%     15.62% |       65522      3.11%     18.74% |       65579      3.12%     21.85% |       65725      3.12%     24.97% |       65889      3.13%     28.11% |       65742      3.12%     31.23% |       65784      3.13%     34.36% |       65688      3.12%     37.48% |       65878      3.13%     40.61% |       65728      3.12%     43.73% |       65727      3.12%     46.85% |       65827      3.13%     49.98% |       65951      3.13%     53.12% |       65833      3.13%     56.24% |       65667      3.12%     59.37% |       65723      3.12%     62.49% |       65694      3.12%     65.61% |       65851      3.13%     68.74% |       65725      3.12%     71.86% |       65667      3.12%     74.98% |       65769      3.13%     78.11% |       65678      3.12%     81.23% |       65607      3.12%     84.35% |       65670      3.12%     87.47% |       65728      3.12%     90.59% |       65941      3.13%     93.72% |       65949      3.13%     96.86% |       66116      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total      2104397                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |      116865      3.38%      3.38% |      107735      3.12%      6.50% |      107545      3.11%      9.62% |      107358      3.11%     12.73% |      107269      3.11%     15.83% |      107234      3.11%     18.94% |      107328      3.11%     22.05% |      107480      3.11%     25.16% |      107715      3.12%     28.28% |      107579      3.12%     31.39% |      107638      3.12%     34.51% |      107574      3.12%     37.63% |      107815      3.12%     40.75% |      107671      3.12%     43.87% |      107734      3.12%     46.99% |      107778      3.12%     50.11% |      107958      3.13%     53.23% |      107795      3.12%     56.36% |      107552      3.11%     59.47% |      107536      3.11%     62.58% |      107443      3.11%     65.70% |      107625      3.12%     68.81% |      107509      3.11%     71.93% |      107469      3.11%     75.04% |      107611      3.12%     78.15% |      107567      3.11%     81.27% |      107498      3.11%     84.38% |      107600      3.12%     87.50% |      107712      3.12%     90.62% |      107947      3.13%     93.74% |      107970      3.13%     96.87% |      108089      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      3453199                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |      115841      3.39%      3.39% |      106711      3.12%      6.51% |      106521      3.11%      9.62% |      106334      3.11%     12.73% |      106245      3.11%     15.84% |      106210      3.11%     18.94% |      106304      3.11%     22.05% |      106456      3.11%     25.16% |      106691      3.12%     28.28% |      106555      3.12%     31.40% |      106614      3.12%     34.51% |      106550      3.12%     37.63% |      106791      3.12%     40.75% |      106647      3.12%     43.87% |      106710      3.12%     46.99% |      106754      3.12%     50.11% |      106934      3.13%     53.24% |      106771      3.12%     56.36% |      106528      3.11%     59.47% |      106512      3.11%     62.59% |      106419      3.11%     65.70% |      106601      3.12%     68.81% |      106485      3.11%     71.93% |      106445      3.11%     75.04% |      106587      3.12%     78.15% |      106543      3.11%     81.27% |      106474      3.11%     84.38% |      106576      3.12%     87.50% |      106688      3.12%     90.62% |      106923      3.13%     93.74% |      106946      3.13%     96.87% |      107065      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      3420431                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        3383      3.14%      3.14% |        3348      3.11%      6.25% |        3308      3.07%      9.32% |        3333      3.09%     12.41% |        3289      3.05%     15.46% |        3337      3.10%     18.56% |        3281      3.05%     21.60% |        3312      3.07%     24.68% |        3280      3.04%     27.72% |        3321      3.08%     30.80% |        3343      3.10%     33.91% |        3351      3.11%     37.02% |        3367      3.12%     40.14% |        3370      3.13%     43.27% |        3361      3.12%     46.39% |        3394      3.15%     49.54% |        3388      3.14%     52.68% |        3399      3.15%     55.84% |        3404      3.16%     59.00% |        3442      3.19%     62.19% |        3515      3.26%     65.45% |        3495      3.24%     68.70% |        3395      3.15%     71.85% |        3346      3.11%     74.95% |        3366      3.12%     78.08% |        3360      3.12%     81.20% |        3375      3.13%     84.33% |        3381      3.14%     87.47% |        3375      3.13%     90.60% |        3404      3.16%     93.76% |        3355      3.11%     96.87% |        3372      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total       107750                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        2283      3.30%      3.30% |        2364      3.41%      6.71% |        2429      3.51%     10.21% |        2542      3.67%     13.88% |        2609      3.77%     17.65% |        2438      3.52%     21.17% |        2401      3.47%     24.63% |        2258      3.26%     27.89% |        2072      2.99%     30.88% |        1922      2.77%     33.65% |        2188      3.16%     36.81% |        2294      3.31%     40.12% |        2221      3.21%     43.33% |        2136      3.08%     46.41% |        2243      3.24%     49.65% |        2071      2.99%     52.64% |        1956      2.82%     55.46% |        1941      2.80%     58.26% |        2051      2.96%     61.22% |        2054      2.96%     64.19% |        2111      3.05%     67.23% |        1895      2.74%     69.97% |        2050      2.96%     72.93% |        1870      2.70%     75.63% |        2010      2.90%     78.53% |        2140      3.09%     81.62% |        2077      3.00%     84.61% |        2086      3.01%     87.63% |        2237      3.23%     90.85% |        2174      3.14%     93.99% |        2097      3.03%     97.02% |        2066      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        69286                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        5797      3.30%      3.30% |        5714      3.25%      6.56% |        5739      3.27%      9.82% |        5657      3.22%     13.05% |        5704      3.25%     16.29% |        5619      3.20%     19.49% |        5727      3.26%     22.76% |        5664      3.23%     25.98% |        5692      3.24%     29.22% |        5590      3.18%     32.41% |        5549      3.16%     35.57% |        5402      3.08%     38.64% |        5354      3.05%     41.69% |        5237      2.98%     44.68% |        5271      3.00%     47.68% |        5274      3.00%     50.68% |        5270      3.00%     53.68% |        5333      3.04%     56.72% |        5308      3.02%     59.74% |        5264      3.00%     62.74% |        5289      3.01%     65.75% |        5214      2.97%     68.72% |        5248      2.99%     71.71% |        5277      3.01%     74.72% |        5362      3.05%     77.77% |        5425      3.09%     80.86% |        5459      3.11%     83.97% |        5516      3.14%     87.11% |        5608      3.19%     90.31% |        5600      3.19%     93.49% |        5694      3.24%     96.74% |        5728      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total       175585                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |       15333      3.13%      3.13% |       15323      3.12%      6.25% |       15306      3.12%      9.37% |       15281      3.12%     12.49% |       15414      3.14%     15.63% |       15384      3.14%     18.77% |       15442      3.15%     21.91% |       15421      3.14%     25.06% |       15476      3.16%     28.21% |       15405      3.14%     31.36% |       15626      3.19%     34.54% |       15514      3.16%     37.70% |       15633      3.19%     40.89% |       15469      3.15%     44.05% |       15408      3.14%     47.19% |       15337      3.13%     50.31% |       15261      3.11%     53.43% |       15313      3.12%     56.55% |       15327      3.13%     59.67% |       15255      3.11%     62.78% |       15143      3.09%     65.87% |       15246      3.11%     68.98% |       15133      3.09%     72.07% |       15014      3.06%     75.13% |       15097      3.08%     78.20% |       15202      3.10%     81.30% |       15114      3.08%     84.39% |       15192      3.10%     87.48% |       15239      3.11%     90.59% |       15374      3.13%     93.72% |       15382      3.14%     96.86% |       15396      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       490460                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        2256      3.31%      3.31% |        2317      3.40%      6.71% |        2380      3.49%     10.20% |        2496      3.66%     13.87% |        2560      3.76%     17.62% |        2388      3.50%     21.13% |        2371      3.48%     24.61% |        2196      3.22%     27.83% |        2032      2.98%     30.81% |        1888      2.77%     33.58% |        2160      3.17%     36.75% |        2251      3.30%     40.05% |        2190      3.21%     43.27% |        2110      3.10%     46.36% |        2217      3.25%     49.62% |        2038      2.99%     52.61% |        1916      2.81%     55.42% |        1914      2.81%     58.23% |        2012      2.95%     61.18% |        2021      2.97%     64.15% |        2076      3.05%     67.19% |        1857      2.73%     69.92% |        2027      2.97%     72.89% |        1836      2.69%     75.59% |        1978      2.90%     78.49% |        2112      3.10%     81.59% |        2041      3.00%     84.58% |        2059      3.02%     87.61% |        2204      3.23%     90.84% |        2137      3.14%     93.98% |        2071      3.04%     97.02% |        2034      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        68145                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      214521      5.27%      5.27% |      124311      3.05%      8.32% |      123143      3.02%     11.35% |      125327      3.08%     14.43% |      123433      3.03%     17.46% |      122561      3.01%     20.47% |      122524      3.01%     23.48% |      121761      2.99%     26.47% |      122084      3.00%     29.47% |      122523      3.01%     32.48% |      124937      3.07%     35.55% |      123866      3.04%     38.59% |      122867      3.02%     41.61% |      123307      3.03%     44.64% |      121998      3.00%     47.63% |      122055      3.00%     50.63% |      122938      3.02%     53.65% |      122761      3.02%     56.67% |      123241      3.03%     59.70% |      123604      3.04%     62.73% |      123977      3.05%     65.78% |      138648      3.41%     69.18% |      131954      3.24%     72.43% |      122711      3.01%     75.44% |      123222      3.03%     78.47% |      123405      3.03%     81.50% |      122982      3.02%     84.52% |      122774      3.02%     87.53% |      124143      3.05%     90.58% |      123142      3.02%     93.61% |      126546      3.11%     96.72% |      133621      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4070887                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         178     11.47%     11.47% |          46      2.96%     14.43% |          44      2.84%     17.27% |          46      2.96%     20.23% |          44      2.84%     23.07% |          44      2.84%     25.90% |          44      2.84%     28.74% |          44      2.84%     31.57% |          44      2.84%     34.41% |          44      2.84%     37.24% |          46      2.96%     40.21% |          44      2.84%     43.04% |          46      2.96%     46.01% |          44      2.84%     48.84% |          44      2.84%     51.68% |          44      2.84%     54.51% |          46      2.96%     57.47% |          44      2.84%     60.31% |          44      2.84%     63.14% |          44      2.84%     65.98% |          44      2.84%     68.81% |          44      2.84%     71.65% |          44      2.84%     74.48% |          44      2.84%     77.32% |          44      2.84%     80.15% |          44      2.84%     82.99% |          44      2.84%     85.82% |          44      2.84%     88.66% |          44      2.84%     91.49% |          44      2.84%     94.33% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1552                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         510      3.20%      3.20% |         450      2.83%      6.03% |         454      2.85%      8.88% |         449      2.82%     11.70% |         475      2.98%     14.68% |         431      2.71%     17.39% |         469      2.94%     20.33% |         491      3.08%     23.41% |         524      3.29%     26.70% |         454      2.85%     29.55% |         484      3.04%     32.59% |         495      3.11%     35.70% |         609      3.82%     39.52% |         519      3.26%     42.78% |         502      3.15%     45.93% |         508      3.19%     49.12% |         511      3.21%     52.33% |         531      3.33%     55.67% |         520      3.26%     58.93% |         481      3.02%     61.95% |         467      2.93%     64.88% |         505      3.17%     68.05% |         472      2.96%     71.02% |         452      2.84%     73.86% |         512      3.21%     77.07% |         559      3.51%     80.58% |         503      3.16%     83.74% |         460      2.89%     86.63% |         461      2.89%     89.52% |         569      3.57%     93.09% |         558      3.50%     96.60% |         542      3.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15927                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       72463      3.56%      3.56% |       63469      3.11%      6.67% |       63363      3.11%      9.78% |       63257      3.10%     12.89% |       63247      3.10%     15.99% |       63262      3.10%     19.09% |       63364      3.11%     22.20% |       63486      3.12%     25.32% |       63632      3.12%     28.44% |       63489      3.12%     31.56% |       63499      3.12%     34.67% |       63332      3.11%     37.78% |       63368      3.11%     40.89% |       63282      3.11%     44.00% |       63339      3.11%     47.11% |       63380      3.11%     50.22% |       63532      3.12%     53.34% |       63384      3.11%     56.45% |       63265      3.10%     59.55% |       63353      3.11%     62.66% |       63215      3.10%     65.76% |       63393      3.11%     68.87% |       63412      3.11%     71.99% |       63415      3.11%     75.10% |       63439      3.11%     78.21% |       63317      3.11%     81.32% |       63251      3.10%     84.42% |       63369      3.11%     87.53% |       63375      3.11%     90.64% |       63461      3.11%     93.76% |       63503      3.12%     96.87% |       63679      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total      2037595                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       43892      3.14%      3.14% |       43816      3.13%      6.27% |       43728      3.12%      9.39% |       43652      3.12%     12.51% |       43547      3.11%     15.62% |       43541      3.11%     18.73% |       43495      3.11%     21.84% |       43503      3.11%     24.95% |       43559      3.11%     28.06% |       43636      3.12%     31.18% |       43655      3.12%     34.30% |       43747      3.13%     37.42% |       43838      3.13%     40.55% |       43870      3.13%     43.69% |       43893      3.14%     46.82% |       43890      3.14%     49.96% |       43915      3.14%     53.10% |       43880      3.14%     56.23% |       43767      3.13%     59.36% |       43702      3.12%     62.48% |       43761      3.13%     65.61% |       43727      3.12%     68.73% |       43626      3.12%     71.85% |       43602      3.12%     74.96% |       43660      3.12%     78.08% |       43691      3.12%     81.20% |       43744      3.13%     84.33% |       43772      3.13%     87.46% |       43876      3.13%     90.59% |       43917      3.14%     93.73% |       43909      3.14%     96.87% |       43868      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1399679                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |          31      2.54%      2.54% |          50      4.10%      6.64% |          52      4.27%     10.91% |          42      3.45%     14.36% |          51      4.18%     18.54% |          54      4.43%     22.97% |          37      3.04%     26.00% |          61      5.00%     31.01% |          43      3.53%     34.54% |          31      2.54%     37.08% |          36      2.95%     40.03% |          42      3.45%     43.48% |          33      2.71%     46.19% |          23      1.89%     48.07% |          31      2.54%     50.62% |          31      2.54%     53.16% |          39      3.20%     56.36% |          29      2.38%     58.74% |          39      3.20%     61.94% |          38      3.12%     65.05% |          41      3.36%     68.42% |          36      2.95%     71.37% |          33      2.71%     74.08% |          35      2.87%     76.95% |          33      2.71%     79.66% |          32      2.63%     82.28% |          36      2.95%     85.23% |          26      2.13%     87.37% |          39      3.20%     90.57% |          42      3.45%     94.01% |          35      2.87%     96.88% |          38      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total         1219                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3408      3.08%      3.08% |        3341      3.02%      6.10% |        3069      2.77%      8.88% |        3085      2.79%     11.67% |        3144      2.84%     14.51% |        3651      3.30%     17.81% |        3339      3.02%     20.83% |        2884      2.61%     23.44% |        3153      2.85%     26.29% |        4768      4.31%     30.60% |        3564      3.22%     33.82% |        3368      3.05%     36.87% |        3111      2.81%     39.68% |        3900      3.53%     43.21% |        3433      3.10%     46.31% |        3324      3.01%     49.31% |        3744      3.39%     52.70% |        3696      3.34%     56.04% |        3168      2.86%     58.91% |        2865      2.59%     61.50% |        2661      2.41%     63.90% |        3277      2.96%     66.87% |        3102      2.80%     69.67% |        2972      2.69%     72.36% |        3164      2.86%     75.22% |        3274      2.96%     78.18% |        2806      2.54%     80.72% |        4297      3.89%     84.60% |        3582      3.24%     87.84% |        4803      4.34%     92.18% |        4645      4.20%     96.38% |        4002      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110600                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1596      2.87%      2.87% |        1671      3.00%      5.87% |        1662      2.99%      8.85% |        1788      3.21%     12.06% |        1679      3.02%     15.08% |        2147      3.86%     18.94% |        1662      2.99%     21.92% |        1806      3.24%     25.17% |        1685      3.03%     28.19% |        1875      3.37%     31.56% |        1854      3.33%     34.89% |        2059      3.70%     38.59% |        1969      3.54%     42.12% |        2080      3.74%     45.86% |        1885      3.39%     49.25% |        1917      3.44%     52.69% |        1757      3.16%     55.84% |        1845      3.31%     59.16% |        1733      3.11%     62.27% |        1821      3.27%     65.54% |        1669      3.00%     68.54% |        1796      3.23%     71.77% |        1669      3.00%     74.76% |        1709      3.07%     77.83% |        1559      2.80%     80.63% |        1635      2.94%     83.57% |        1541      2.77%     86.34% |        1546      2.78%     89.11% |        1459      2.62%     91.73% |        1540      2.77%     94.50% |        1482      2.66%     97.16% |        1580      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        55676                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           2     10.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           2     10.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           5     25.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           4     20.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |          13      2.31%      2.31% |          19      3.37%      5.68% |          18      3.20%      8.88% |          28      4.97%     13.85% |          30      5.33%     19.18% |          21      3.73%     22.91% |          18      3.20%     26.11% |          16      2.84%     28.95% |          13      2.31%     31.26% |          15      2.66%     33.93% |          22      3.91%     37.83% |          41      7.28%     45.12% |          18      3.20%     48.31% |          23      4.09%     52.40% |          22      3.91%     56.31% |          16      2.84%     59.15% |          15      2.66%     61.81% |          14      2.49%     64.30% |          24      4.26%     68.56% |          21      3.73%     72.29% |          25      4.44%     76.73% |          11      1.95%     78.69% |          14      2.49%     81.17% |          10      1.78%     82.95% |          13      2.31%     85.26% |          17      3.02%     88.28% |          15      2.66%     90.94% |          11      1.95%     92.90% |          13      2.31%     95.20% |           7      1.24%     96.45% |           8      1.42%     97.87% |          12      2.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total          563                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           2      9.52%      9.52% |           1      4.76%     14.29% |           1      4.76%     19.05% |           1      4.76%     23.81% |           0      0.00%     23.81% |           3     14.29%     38.10% |           2      9.52%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           1      4.76%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           1      4.76%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      4.76%     61.90% |           0      0.00%     61.90% |           0      0.00%     61.90% |           0      0.00%     61.90% |           1      4.76%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2      9.52%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           2      9.52%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      4.76%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           2      9.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        5736      3.26%      3.26% |        5619      3.19%      6.45% |        5592      3.18%      9.63% |        5539      3.15%     12.77% |        5630      3.20%     15.97% |        5502      3.13%     19.10% |        5670      3.22%     22.32% |        5622      3.19%     25.51% |        5703      3.24%     28.75% |        5543      3.15%     31.90% |        5565      3.16%     35.06% |        5414      3.08%     38.14% |        5498      3.12%     41.26% |        5282      3.00%     44.26% |        5376      3.05%     47.32% |        5325      3.03%     50.34% |        5398      3.07%     53.41% |        5440      3.09%     56.50% |        5456      3.10%     59.60% |        5326      3.03%     62.63% |        5358      3.04%     65.67% |        5279      3.00%     68.67% |        5326      3.03%     71.69% |        5265      2.99%     74.68% |        5434      3.09%     77.77% |        5511      3.13%     80.90% |        5471      3.11%     84.01% |        5485      3.12%     87.13% |        5565      3.16%     90.29% |        5648      3.21%     93.50% |        5728      3.25%     96.75% |        5719      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total       176025                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      6.17%      6.17% |           4      4.94%     11.11% |           2      2.47%     13.58% |           4      4.94%     18.52% |           3      3.70%     22.22% |           8      9.88%     32.10% |           3      3.70%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           2      2.47%     38.27% |           2      2.47%     40.74% |           2      2.47%     43.21% |           4      4.94%     48.15% |           0      0.00%     48.15% |           6      7.41%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |          11     13.58%     69.14% |           4      4.94%     74.07% |           2      2.47%     76.54% |           1      1.23%     77.78% |           2      2.47%     80.25% |           2      2.47%     82.72% |           6      7.41%     90.12% |           1      1.23%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           0      0.00%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       80137     16.75%     16.75% |       12979      2.71%     19.46% |       11842      2.47%     21.94% |       12962      2.71%     24.64% |       12310      2.57%     27.22% |       11727      2.45%     29.67% |       11452      2.39%     32.06% |       11182      2.34%     34.40% |       11384      2.38%     36.78% |       11696      2.44%     39.22% |       13693      2.86%     42.08% |       13023      2.72%     44.81% |       12155      2.54%     47.35% |       12111      2.53%     49.88% |       11401      2.38%     52.26% |       11482      2.40%     54.66% |       12314      2.57%     57.23% |       11855      2.48%     59.71% |       12386      2.59%     62.30% |       12580      2.63%     64.93% |       12819      2.68%     67.61% |       21222      4.44%     72.04% |       19261      4.03%     76.07% |       11953      2.50%     78.57% |       11973      2.50%     81.07% |       12581      2.63%     83.70% |       11964      2.50%     86.20% |       11678      2.44%     88.64% |       12413      2.59%     91.23% |       11594      2.42%     93.66% |       12372      2.59%     96.24% |       17982      3.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       478483                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       20999      8.46%      8.46% |        6905      2.78%     11.24% |        6981      2.81%     14.05% |        8059      3.25%     17.30% |        6937      2.79%     20.09% |        6716      2.71%     22.80% |        7057      2.84%     25.64% |        6540      2.63%     28.28% |        6678      2.69%     30.97% |        6929      2.79%     33.76% |        7042      2.84%     36.59% |        6465      2.60%     39.20% |        6248      2.52%     41.72% |        6759      2.72%     44.44% |        6088      2.45%     46.89% |        6154      2.48%     49.37% |        6218      2.50%     51.88% |        6711      2.70%     54.58% |        6809      2.74%     57.32% |        6851      2.76%     60.08% |        7058      2.84%     62.92% |       13293      5.35%     68.28% |        8540      3.44%     71.72% |        6771      2.73%     74.45% |        7138      2.88%     77.32% |        6707      2.70%     80.02% |        6998      2.82%     82.84% |        6945      2.80%     85.64% |        7402      2.98%     88.62% |        7130      2.87%     91.50% |        9868      3.98%     95.47% |       11243      4.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       248239                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       48902      3.78%      3.78% |       40214      3.11%      6.89% |       40171      3.11%     10.00% |       40060      3.10%     13.10% |       39991      3.09%     16.19% |       39948      3.09%     19.28% |       39966      3.09%     22.37% |       39940      3.09%     25.46% |       40032      3.10%     28.56% |       40073      3.10%     31.66% |       40083      3.10%     34.76% |       40139      3.10%     37.86% |       40213      3.11%     40.97% |       40260      3.11%     44.09% |       40283      3.12%     47.20% |       40244      3.11%     50.31% |       40296      3.12%     53.43% |       40245      3.11%     56.54% |       40142      3.10%     59.65% |       40043      3.10%     62.75% |       40003      3.09%     65.84% |       40045      3.10%     68.94% |       40024      3.10%     72.03% |       40025      3.10%     75.13% |       40057      3.10%     78.23% |       40106      3.10%     81.33% |       40135      3.10%     84.43% |       40155      3.11%     87.54% |       40267      3.11%     90.65% |       40280      3.12%     93.77% |       40316      3.12%     96.89% |       40253      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1292911                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       48163      3.15%      3.15% |       47756      3.13%      6.28% |       47665      3.12%      9.40% |       47591      3.12%     12.52% |       47480      3.11%     15.62% |       47469      3.11%     18.73% |       47563      3.11%     21.85% |       47700      3.12%     24.97% |       47841      3.13%     28.10% |       47701      3.12%     31.22% |       47511      3.11%     34.33% |       47481      3.11%     37.44% |       47524      3.11%     40.55% |       47500      3.11%     43.66% |       47610      3.12%     46.78% |       47724      3.12%     49.91% |       47926      3.14%     53.04% |       47765      3.13%     56.17% |       47594      3.12%     59.29% |       47717      3.12%     62.41% |       47701      3.12%     65.53% |       47755      3.13%     68.66% |       47889      3.14%     71.79% |       48005      3.14%     74.94% |       48013      3.14%     78.08% |       47825      3.13%     81.21% |       47792      3.13%     84.34% |       47800      3.13%     87.47% |       47752      3.13%     90.60% |       47806      3.13%     93.73% |       47845      3.13%     96.86% |       47990      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1527454                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        2256      3.31%      3.31% |        2317      3.40%      6.71% |        2380      3.49%     10.20% |        2496      3.66%     13.87% |        2560      3.76%     17.62% |        2388      3.50%     21.13% |        2371      3.48%     24.61% |        2196      3.22%     27.83% |        2032      2.98%     30.81% |        1888      2.77%     33.58% |        2160      3.17%     36.75% |        2251      3.30%     40.05% |        2190      3.21%     43.27% |        2110      3.10%     46.36% |        2217      3.25%     49.62% |        2038      2.99%     52.61% |        1916      2.81%     55.42% |        1914      2.81%     58.23% |        2012      2.95%     61.18% |        2021      2.97%     64.15% |        2076      3.05%     67.19% |        1857      2.73%     69.92% |        2027      2.97%     72.89% |        1836      2.69%     75.59% |        1978      2.90%     78.49% |        2112      3.10%     81.59% |        2041      3.00%     84.58% |        2059      3.02%     87.61% |        2204      3.23%     90.84% |        2137      3.14%     93.98% |        2071      3.04%     97.02% |        2034      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        68145                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          12     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           5     20.83%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           0      0.00%     70.83% |           1      4.17%     75.00% |           6     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           24                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      199132      5.57%      5.57% |      108772      3.04%      8.61% |      107564      3.01%     11.62% |      109579      3.06%     14.68% |      107631      3.01%     17.69% |      106781      2.99%     20.68% |      106960      2.99%     23.67% |      106269      2.97%     26.64% |      106847      2.99%     29.63% |      107309      3.00%     32.63% |      109232      3.05%     35.69% |      108006      3.02%     38.71% |      107035      2.99%     41.70% |      107506      3.01%     44.71% |      106259      2.97%     47.68% |      106458      2.98%     50.66% |      107619      3.01%     53.67% |      107439      3.00%     56.67% |      107808      3.01%     59.69% |      108069      3.02%     62.71% |      108456      3.03%     65.74% |      123184      3.45%     69.19% |      116595      3.26%     72.45% |      107623      3.01%     75.46% |      108071      3.02%     78.48% |      108106      3.02%     81.50% |      107780      3.01%     84.52% |      107475      3.01%     87.52% |      108741      3.04%     90.56% |      107719      3.01%     93.58% |      111326      3.11%     96.69% |      118379      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      3575730                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |         680      3.05%      3.05% |         662      2.96%      6.01% |         663      2.97%      8.98% |         688      3.08%     12.06% |         698      3.13%     15.19% |         715      3.20%     18.39% |         735      3.29%     21.68% |         769      3.44%     25.12% |         748      3.35%     28.47% |         717      3.21%     31.69% |         724      3.24%     34.93% |         701      3.14%     38.07% |         676      3.03%     41.09% |         637      2.85%     43.95% |         677      3.03%     46.98% |         661      2.96%     49.94% |         664      2.97%     52.91% |         671      3.01%     55.92% |         696      3.12%     59.04% |         724      3.24%     62.28% |         700      3.13%     65.41% |         682      3.05%     68.47% |         715      3.20%     71.67% |         731      3.27%     74.94% |         737      3.30%     78.24% |         737      3.30%     81.54% |         709      3.18%     84.72% |         730      3.27%     87.99% |         671      3.01%     90.99% |         680      3.05%     94.04% |         659      2.95%     96.99% |         672      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total        22329                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |       12269      3.06%      3.06% |       12436      3.10%      6.16% |       12407      3.09%      9.26% |       12432      3.10%     12.36% |       12424      3.10%     15.46% |       12551      3.13%     18.59% |       12346      3.08%     21.67% |       12403      3.09%     24.76% |       12345      3.08%     27.84% |       12498      3.12%     30.96% |       12708      3.17%     34.13% |       12793      3.19%     37.32% |       12856      3.21%     40.52% |       12946      3.23%     43.75% |       12741      3.18%     46.93% |       12778      3.19%     50.12% |       12627      3.15%     53.27% |       12628      3.15%     56.42% |       12617      3.15%     59.56% |       12680      3.16%     62.73% |       12635      3.15%     65.88% |       12816      3.20%     69.08% |       12510      3.12%     72.20% |       12397      3.09%     75.29% |       12322      3.07%     78.36% |       12342      3.08%     81.44% |       12344      3.08%     84.52% |       12385      3.09%     87.61% |       12411      3.10%     90.70% |       12487      3.11%     93.82% |       12376      3.09%     96.91% |       12407      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total       400917                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          19      8.41%      8.41% |           0      0.00%      8.41% |           0      0.00%      8.41% |           0      0.00%      8.41% |          60     26.55%     34.96% |           0      0.00%     34.96% |           0      0.00%     34.96% |           0      0.00%     34.96% |           0      0.00%     34.96% |           0      0.00%     34.96% |           0      0.00%     34.96% |           0      0.00%     34.96% |           0      0.00%     34.96% |           0      0.00%     34.96% |           0      0.00%     34.96% |           0      0.00%     34.96% |           0      0.00%     34.96% |           0      0.00%     34.96% |           0      0.00%     34.96% |           0      0.00%     34.96% |           0      0.00%     34.96% |          48     21.24%     56.19% |          52     23.01%     79.20% |          47     20.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total          226                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           5      1.24%      1.24% |           4      0.99%      2.23% |          10      2.48%      4.71% |          14      3.47%      8.19% |          11      2.73%     10.92% |           7      1.74%     12.66% |          10      2.48%     15.14% |           8      1.99%     17.12% |           7      1.74%     18.86% |          11      2.73%     21.59% |          40      9.93%     31.51% |          13      3.23%     34.74% |          12      2.98%     37.72% |           8      1.99%     39.70% |           7      1.74%     41.44% |          11      2.73%     44.17% |          11      2.73%     46.90% |           8      1.99%     48.88% |          10      2.48%     51.36% |           9      2.23%     53.60% |           8      1.99%     55.58% |          77     19.11%     74.69% |          19      4.71%     79.40% |          23      5.71%     85.11% |          17      4.22%     89.33% |           4      0.99%     90.32% |          11      2.73%     93.05% |          10      2.48%     95.53% |           5      1.24%     96.77% |           3      0.74%     97.52% |           5      1.24%     98.76% |           5      1.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          403                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |          16      2.63%      2.63% |          25      4.11%      6.74% |          20      3.29%     10.03% |          21      3.45%     13.49% |          14      2.30%     15.79% |          12      1.97%     17.76% |          14      2.30%     20.07% |          12      1.97%     22.04% |          15      2.47%     24.51% |          15      2.47%     26.97% |          19      3.12%     30.10% |          19      3.12%     33.22% |          18      2.96%     36.18% |          13      2.14%     38.32% |          16      2.63%     40.95% |          14      2.30%     43.26% |          10      1.64%     44.90% |          18      2.96%     47.86% |          14      2.30%     50.16% |          17      2.80%     52.96% |         101     16.61%     69.57% |          23      3.78%     73.36% |           6      0.99%     74.34% |          16      2.63%     76.97% |          21      3.45%     80.43% |          20      3.29%     83.72% |          19      3.12%     86.84% |          22      3.62%     90.46% |          15      2.47%     92.93% |          17      2.80%     95.72% |          11      1.81%     97.53% |          15      2.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total          608                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           8      3.38%      3.38% |           4      1.69%      5.06% |           4      1.69%      6.75% |          11      4.64%     11.39% |           8      3.38%     14.77% |           8      3.38%     18.14% |           6      2.53%     20.68% |           6      2.53%     23.21% |          11      4.64%     27.85% |           9      3.80%     31.65% |           4      1.69%     33.33% |          12      5.06%     38.40% |          14      5.91%     44.30% |          11      4.64%     48.95% |           2      0.84%     49.79% |           5      2.11%     51.90% |          12      5.06%     56.96% |           4      1.69%     58.65% |           8      3.38%     62.03% |           6      2.53%     64.56% |           4      1.69%     66.24% |          16      6.75%     73.00% |           5      2.11%     75.11% |           3      1.27%     76.37% |           8      3.38%     79.75% |           5      2.11%     81.86% |          12      5.06%     86.92% |           8      3.38%     90.30% |           7      2.95%     93.25% |           8      3.38%     96.62% |           2      0.84%     97.47% |           6      2.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          237                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |      115841      3.39%      3.39% |      106711      3.12%      6.51% |      106521      3.11%      9.62% |      106334      3.11%     12.73% |      106245      3.11%     15.84% |      106210      3.11%     18.94% |      106304      3.11%     22.05% |      106456      3.11%     25.16% |      106691      3.12%     28.28% |      106555      3.12%     31.40% |      106614      3.12%     34.51% |      106550      3.12%     37.63% |      106791      3.12%     40.75% |      106647      3.12%     43.87% |      106710      3.12%     46.99% |      106754      3.12%     50.11% |      106934      3.13%     53.24% |      106771      3.12%     56.36% |      106528      3.11%     59.47% |      106512      3.11%     62.59% |      106419      3.11%     65.70% |      106601      3.12%     68.81% |      106485      3.11%     71.93% |      106445      3.11%     75.04% |      106587      3.12%     78.15% |      106543      3.11%     81.27% |      106474      3.11%     84.38% |      106576      3.12%     87.50% |      106688      3.12%     90.62% |      106923      3.13%     93.74% |      106946      3.13%     96.87% |      107065      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      3420431                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.69%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           1      7.69%     15.38% |           1      7.69%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           2     15.38%     38.46% |           1      7.69%     46.15% |           2     15.38%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           1      7.69%     69.23% |           1      7.69%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           1      7.69%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      7.69%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           1      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         732      3.28%      3.28% |         660      2.96%      6.24% |         660      2.96%      9.20% |         685      3.07%     12.26% |         695      3.11%     15.38% |         715      3.20%     18.58% |         734      3.29%     21.87% |         768      3.44%     25.31% |         745      3.34%     28.65% |         713      3.20%     31.85% |         721      3.23%     35.08% |         698      3.13%     38.21% |         675      3.02%     41.23% |         636      2.85%     44.08% |         676      3.03%     47.11% |         660      2.96%     50.07% |         663      2.97%     53.04% |         668      2.99%     56.03% |         695      3.11%     59.15% |         720      3.23%     62.37% |         697      3.12%     65.50% |         679      3.04%     68.54% |         713      3.20%     71.73% |         729      3.27%     75.00% |         733      3.28%     78.28% |         734      3.29%     81.57% |         707      3.17%     84.74% |         729      3.27%     88.01% |         668      2.99%     91.00% |         679      3.04%     94.04% |         659      2.95%     97.00% |         670      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total        22316                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           4      5.56%      5.56% |           2      2.78%      8.33% |           3      4.17%     12.50% |           3      4.17%     16.67% |           3      4.17%     20.83% |           0      0.00%     20.83% |           1      1.39%     22.22% |           2      2.78%     25.00% |           3      4.17%     29.17% |           5      6.94%     36.11% |           3      4.17%     40.28% |           3      4.17%     44.44% |           1      1.39%     45.83% |           1      1.39%     47.22% |           1      1.39%     48.61% |           1      1.39%     50.00% |           1      1.39%     51.39% |           3      4.17%     55.56% |           1      1.39%     56.94% |           4      5.56%     62.50% |           3      4.17%     66.67% |           3      4.17%     70.83% |           2      2.78%     73.61% |           3      4.17%     77.78% |           4      5.56%     83.33% |           3      4.17%     87.50% |           2      2.78%     90.28% |           1      1.39%     91.67% |           3      4.17%     95.83% |           1      1.39%     97.22% |           0      0.00%     97.22% |           2      2.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           72                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.08%      2.08% |           2      4.17%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           5     10.42%     16.67% |           1      2.08%     18.75% |           1      2.08%     20.83% |           0      0.00%     20.83% |           0      0.00%     20.83% |           1      2.08%     22.92% |           0      0.00%     22.92% |           0      0.00%     22.92% |           2      4.17%     27.08% |           0      0.00%     27.08% |           1      2.08%     29.17% |          30     62.50%     91.67% |           1      2.08%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      2.08%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           1      2.08%     97.92% |           1      2.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           48                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     10.77%     10.77% |          58     89.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |          27      2.46%      2.46% |          47      4.28%      6.73% |          51      4.64%     11.37% |          38      3.46%     14.83% |          49      4.46%     19.29% |          48      4.37%     23.66% |          32      2.91%     26.57% |          59      5.37%     31.94% |          38      3.46%     35.40% |          29      2.64%     38.03% |          31      2.82%     40.86% |          38      3.46%     44.31% |          30      2.73%     47.04% |          21      1.91%     48.95% |          28      2.55%     51.50% |          30      2.73%     54.23% |          33      3.00%     57.23% |          28      2.55%     59.78% |          36      3.28%     63.06% |          34      3.09%     66.15% |          34      3.09%     69.24% |          34      3.09%     72.34% |          28      2.55%     74.89% |          35      3.18%     78.07% |          29      2.64%     80.71% |          29      2.64%     83.35% |          33      3.00%     86.35% |          24      2.18%     88.54% |          29      2.64%     91.17% |          37      3.37%     94.54% |          27      2.46%     97.00% |          33      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total         1099                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |        2651      3.10%      3.10% |        2688      3.15%      6.25% |        2648      3.10%      9.35% |        2648      3.10%     12.45% |        2594      3.04%     15.49% |        2622      3.07%     18.55% |        2547      2.98%     21.54% |        2544      2.98%     24.51% |        2535      2.97%     27.48% |        2608      3.05%     30.53% |        2622      3.07%     33.60% |        2653      3.11%     36.71% |        2692      3.15%     39.86% |        2734      3.20%     43.06% |        2685      3.14%     46.20% |        2734      3.20%     49.40% |        2725      3.19%     52.59% |        2731      3.20%     55.79% |        2709      3.17%     58.96% |        2722      3.19%     62.15% |        2818      3.30%     65.45% |        2814      3.29%     68.74% |        2682      3.14%     71.88% |        2617      3.06%     74.94% |        2633      3.08%     78.03% |        2626      3.07%     81.10% |        2667      3.12%     84.22% |        2652      3.10%     87.33% |        2707      3.17%     90.49% |        2725      3.19%     93.68% |        2696      3.16%     96.84% |        2700      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total        85429                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |          27      2.36%      2.36% |          47      4.10%      6.46% |          49      4.28%     10.73% |          46      4.01%     14.75% |          49      4.28%     19.02% |          50      4.36%     23.39% |          30      2.62%     26.00% |          62      5.41%     31.41% |          40      3.49%     34.90% |          34      2.97%     37.87% |          28      2.44%     40.31% |          43      3.75%     44.07% |          31      2.71%     46.77% |          26      2.27%     49.04% |          26      2.27%     51.31% |          33      2.88%     54.19% |          40      3.49%     57.68% |          27      2.36%     60.03% |          39      3.40%     63.44% |          33      2.88%     66.32% |          35      3.05%     69.37% |          40      3.49%     72.86% |          23      2.01%     74.87% |          34      2.97%     77.84% |          32      2.79%     80.63% |          28      2.44%     83.07% |          37      3.23%     86.30% |          27      2.36%     88.66% |          33      2.88%     91.54% |          37      3.23%     94.76% |          26      2.27%     97.03% |          34      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total         1146                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |        9591      3.05%      3.05% |        9701      3.09%      6.14% |        9710      3.09%      9.23% |        9738      3.10%     12.32% |        9781      3.11%     15.44% |        9879      3.14%     18.58% |        9769      3.11%     21.69% |        9797      3.12%     24.80% |        9770      3.11%     27.91% |        9856      3.14%     31.05% |       10058      3.20%     34.25% |       10097      3.21%     37.46% |       10133      3.22%     40.68% |       10186      3.24%     43.92% |       10030      3.19%     47.11% |       10011      3.18%     50.30% |        9862      3.14%     53.44% |        9870      3.14%     56.58% |        9869      3.14%     59.71% |        9925      3.16%     62.87% |        9782      3.11%     65.98% |        9962      3.17%     69.15% |        9805      3.12%     72.27% |        9746      3.10%     75.37% |        9657      3.07%     78.44% |        9688      3.08%     81.53% |        9640      3.07%     84.59% |        9706      3.09%     87.68% |        9671      3.08%     90.76% |        9725      3.09%     93.85% |        9654      3.07%     96.92% |        9673      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total       314342                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      9.09%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           6     54.55%     63.64% |           3     27.27%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS |           4     15.38%     15.38% |           2      7.69%     23.08% |           2      7.69%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           1      3.85%     34.62% |           0      0.00%     34.62% |           4     15.38%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      3.85%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           1      3.85%     57.69% |           0      0.00%     57.69% |           1      3.85%     61.54% |           3     11.54%     73.08% |           1      3.85%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           2      7.69%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           2      7.69%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        5796      3.30%      3.30% |        5714      3.25%      6.56% |        5739      3.27%      9.82% |        5657      3.22%     13.05% |        5704      3.25%     16.29% |        5619      3.20%     19.49% |        5727      3.26%     22.76% |        5664      3.23%     25.98% |        5692      3.24%     29.22% |        5590      3.18%     32.41% |        5549      3.16%     35.57% |        5402      3.08%     38.65% |        5354      3.05%     41.69% |        5237      2.98%     44.68% |        5271      3.00%     47.68% |        5274      3.00%     50.68% |        5270      3.00%     53.68% |        5333      3.04%     56.72% |        5308      3.02%     59.75% |        5264      3.00%     62.74% |        5289      3.01%     65.76% |        5212      2.97%     68.72% |        5248      2.99%     71.71% |        5277      3.01%     74.72% |        5362      3.05%     77.77% |        5425      3.09%     80.86% |        5458      3.11%     83.97% |        5516      3.14%     87.11% |        5608      3.19%     90.31% |        5600      3.19%     93.50% |        5694      3.24%     96.74% |        5726      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total       175579                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        5736      3.26%      3.26% |        5619      3.19%      6.45% |        5592      3.18%      9.63% |        5539      3.15%     12.77% |        5630      3.20%     15.97% |        5502      3.13%     19.10% |        5670      3.22%     22.32% |        5622      3.19%     25.51% |        5703      3.24%     28.75% |        5543      3.15%     31.90% |        5565      3.16%     35.06% |        5414      3.08%     38.14% |        5498      3.12%     41.26% |        5282      3.00%     44.26% |        5376      3.05%     47.32% |        5325      3.03%     50.34% |        5398      3.07%     53.41% |        5440      3.09%     56.50% |        5456      3.10%     59.60% |        5326      3.03%     62.63% |        5358      3.04%     65.67% |        5279      3.00%     68.67% |        5326      3.03%     71.69% |        5265      2.99%     74.68% |        5434      3.09%     77.77% |        5511      3.13%     80.90% |        5471      3.11%     84.01% |        5485      3.12%     87.13% |        5565      3.16%     90.29% |        5648      3.21%     93.50% |        5728      3.25%     96.75% |        5719      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total       176025                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           2     33.33%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           2      9.52%      9.52% |           1      4.76%     14.29% |           1      4.76%     19.05% |           1      4.76%     23.81% |           0      0.00%     23.81% |           3     14.29%     38.10% |           2      9.52%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           1      4.76%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           1      4.76%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      4.76%     61.90% |           0      0.00%     61.90% |           0      0.00%     61.90% |           0      0.00%     61.90% |           1      4.76%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2      9.52%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           2      9.52%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      4.76%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           2      9.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |        2972      3.19%      3.19% |        2860      3.07%      6.26% |        2772      2.98%      9.23% |        2604      2.79%     12.03% |        2608      2.80%     14.83% |        2698      2.90%     17.72% |        2844      3.05%     20.78% |        2955      3.17%     23.95% |        3169      3.40%     27.35% |        3229      3.47%     30.82% |        2952      3.17%     33.98% |        2701      2.90%     36.88% |        2747      2.95%     39.83% |        2715      2.91%     42.75% |        2727      2.93%     45.67% |        2851      3.06%     48.73% |        3041      3.26%     52.00% |        3069      3.29%     55.29% |        2994      3.21%     58.50% |        2885      3.10%     61.60% |        2877      3.09%     64.69% |        2987      3.21%     67.89% |        2885      3.10%     70.99% |        3030      3.25%     74.24% |        2991      3.21%     77.45% |        2891      3.10%     80.56% |        2978      3.20%     83.75% |        2996      3.22%     86.97% |        2925      3.14%     90.11% |        2960      3.18%     93.28% |        3107      3.33%     96.62% |        3151      3.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total        93171                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L2_Replacement_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       69491      3.57%      3.57% |       60609      3.12%      6.69% |       60591      3.12%      9.81% |       60653      3.12%     12.93% |       60639      3.12%     16.05% |       60564      3.11%     19.16% |       60520      3.11%     22.27% |       60531      3.11%     25.39% |       60463      3.11%     28.49% |       60260      3.10%     31.59% |       60547      3.11%     34.71% |       60631      3.12%     37.83% |       60621      3.12%     40.94% |       60567      3.11%     44.06% |       60612      3.12%     47.18% |       60529      3.11%     50.29% |       60491      3.11%     53.40% |       60315      3.10%     56.50% |       60271      3.10%     59.60% |       60468      3.11%     62.71% |       60338      3.10%     65.81% |       60406      3.11%     68.92% |       60527      3.11%     72.03% |       60385      3.11%     75.14% |       60448      3.11%     78.25% |       60426      3.11%     81.36% |       60273      3.10%     84.46% |       60373      3.10%     87.56% |       60450      3.11%     90.67% |       60501      3.11%     93.78% |       60396      3.11%     96.89% |       60528      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total      1944424                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      1.39%      1.39% |           0      0.00%      1.39% |           0      0.00%      1.39% |           0      0.00%      1.39% |           1      1.39%      2.78% |           0      0.00%      2.78% |           7      9.72%     12.50% |           9     12.50%     25.00% |           7      9.72%     34.72% |           4      5.56%     40.28% |           2      2.78%     43.06% |           2      2.78%     45.83% |           1      1.39%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           6      8.33%     55.56% |          10     13.89%     69.44% |           8     11.11%     80.56% |           4      5.56%     86.11% |           2      2.78%     88.89% |           2      2.78%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           2      2.78%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           3      4.17%     98.61% |           0      0.00%     98.61% |           0      0.00%     98.61% |           0      0.00%     98.61% |           0      0.00%     98.61% |           0      0.00%     98.61% |           1      1.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total           72                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |        3482      3.19%      3.19% |        3310      3.03%      6.23% |        3226      2.96%      9.18% |        3053      2.80%     11.98% |        3083      2.83%     14.81% |        3129      2.87%     17.68% |        3313      3.04%     20.71% |        3446      3.16%     23.87% |        3693      3.39%     27.26% |        3683      3.38%     30.63% |        3436      3.15%     33.78% |        3196      2.93%     36.71% |        3356      3.08%     39.79% |        3234      2.96%     42.75% |        3229      2.96%     45.71% |        3359      3.08%     48.79% |        3552      3.26%     52.05% |        3600      3.30%     55.35% |        3514      3.22%     58.57% |        3366      3.09%     61.65% |        3344      3.07%     64.72% |        3492      3.20%     67.92% |        3356      3.08%     70.99% |        3482      3.19%     74.19% |        3503      3.21%     77.40% |        3450      3.16%     80.56% |        3481      3.19%     83.75% |        3455      3.17%     86.92% |        3386      3.10%     90.02% |        3529      3.23%     93.26% |        3665      3.36%     96.61% |        3693      3.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total       109096                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       43892      3.14%      3.14% |       43816      3.13%      6.27% |       43728      3.12%      9.39% |       43652      3.12%     12.51% |       43547      3.11%     15.62% |       43541      3.11%     18.73% |       43495      3.11%     21.84% |       43503      3.11%     24.95% |       43559      3.11%     28.06% |       43636      3.12%     31.18% |       43655      3.12%     34.30% |       43747      3.13%     37.42% |       43838      3.13%     40.55% |       43870      3.13%     43.69% |       43893      3.14%     46.82% |       43890      3.14%     49.96% |       43915      3.14%     53.10% |       43880      3.14%     56.23% |       43767      3.13%     59.36% |       43702      3.12%     62.48% |       43761      3.13%     65.61% |       43727      3.12%     68.73% |       43626      3.12%     71.85% |       43602      3.12%     74.96% |       43660      3.12%     78.08% |       43691      3.12%     81.20% |       43744      3.13%     84.33% |       43772      3.13%     87.46% |       43876      3.13%     90.59% |       43917      3.14%     93.73% |       43909      3.14%     96.87% |       43868      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1399679                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      5.26%      5.26% |           2      5.26%     10.53% |           1      2.63%     13.16% |           1      2.63%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           1      2.63%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           2      5.26%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           5     13.16%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           4     10.53%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           8     21.05%     68.42% |           3      7.89%     76.32% |           1      2.63%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           3      7.89%     86.84% |           0      0.00%     86.84% |           2      5.26%     92.11% |           0      0.00%     92.11% |           2      5.26%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           1      2.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           38                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |         103      1.83%      1.83% |         125      2.22%      4.05% |         112      1.99%      6.03% |         111      1.97%      8.00% |         158      2.80%     10.81% |         129      2.29%     13.10% |         128      2.27%     15.37% |         113      2.01%     17.38% |         150      2.66%     20.04% |         134      2.38%     22.42% |         173      3.07%     25.49% |         156      2.77%     28.26% |         154      2.73%     30.99% |         163      2.89%     33.88% |         166      2.95%     36.83% |         132      2.34%     39.17% |         161      2.86%     42.03% |         159      2.82%     44.85% |         197      3.50%     48.35% |         182      3.23%     51.58% |         241      4.28%     55.86% |         159      2.82%     58.68% |         217      3.85%     62.53% |         161      2.86%     65.39% |         223      3.96%     69.35% |         251      4.46%     73.80% |         230      4.08%     77.88% |         253      4.49%     82.37% |         251      4.46%     86.83% |         237      4.21%     91.04% |         273      4.85%     95.88% |         232      4.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         5634                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           4      1.22%      1.22% |           6      1.82%      3.04% |           4      1.22%      4.26% |           5      1.52%      5.78% |           4      1.22%      6.99% |           5      1.52%      8.51% |           5      1.52%     10.03% |           7      2.13%     12.16% |           6      1.82%     13.98% |          12      3.65%     17.63% |           7      2.13%     19.76% |          16      4.86%     24.62% |          14      4.26%     28.88% |          16      4.86%     33.74% |          10      3.04%     36.78% |           7      2.13%     38.91% |           7      2.13%     41.03% |          19      5.78%     46.81% |           9      2.74%     49.54% |          13      3.95%     53.50% |          22      6.69%     60.18% |          27      8.21%     68.39% |          10      3.04%     71.43% |          16      4.86%     76.29% |          12      3.65%     79.94% |          12      3.65%     83.59% |           8      2.43%     86.02% |          14      4.26%     90.27% |           8      2.43%     92.71% |          10      3.04%     95.74% |           5      1.52%     97.26% |           9      2.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total          329                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           1     12.50%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           2     25.00%     50.00% |           1     12.50%     62.50% |           2     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      214519      5.27%      5.27% |      124309      3.05%      8.32% |      123142      3.02%     11.35% |      125326      3.08%     14.43% |      123433      3.03%     17.46% |      122560      3.01%     20.47% |      122524      3.01%     23.48% |      121761      2.99%     26.47% |      122084      3.00%     29.47% |      122521      3.01%     32.48% |      124937      3.07%     35.55% |      123866      3.04%     38.59% |      122862      3.02%     41.61% |      123307      3.03%     44.64% |      121994      3.00%     47.63% |      122055      3.00%     50.63% |      122938      3.02%     53.65% |      122761      3.02%     56.67% |      123233      3.03%     59.70% |      123601      3.04%     62.73% |      123976      3.05%     65.78% |      138648      3.41%     69.18% |      131954      3.24%     72.42% |      122711      3.01%     75.44% |      123219      3.03%     78.47% |      123405      3.03%     81.50% |      122980      3.02%     84.52% |      122774      3.02%     87.53% |      124141      3.05%     90.58% |      123142      3.02%     93.61% |      126545      3.11%     96.72% |      133621      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4070849                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |          13      6.40%      6.40% |          13      6.40%     12.81% |           9      4.43%     17.24% |           6      2.96%     20.20% |           6      2.96%     23.15% |           5      2.46%     25.62% |           8      3.94%     29.56% |           8      3.94%     33.50% |          12      5.91%     39.41% |           5      2.46%     41.87% |           9      4.43%     46.31% |           7      3.45%     49.75% |           2      0.99%     50.74% |           0      0.00%     50.74% |           3      1.48%     52.22% |           6      2.96%     55.17% |           5      2.46%     57.64% |           8      3.94%     61.58% |           8      3.94%     65.52% |           7      3.45%     68.97% |           3      1.48%     70.44% |           0      0.00%     70.44% |           3      1.48%     71.92% |           4      1.97%     73.89% |           8      3.94%     77.83% |          13      6.40%     84.24% |          14      6.90%     91.13% |           4      1.97%     93.10% |           4      1.97%     95.07% |           4      1.97%     97.04% |           3      1.48%     98.52% |           3      1.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total          203                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |          12      2.39%      2.39% |          18      3.59%      5.98% |          18      3.59%      9.56% |          25      4.98%     14.54% |          29      5.78%     20.32% |          20      3.98%     24.30% |          17      3.39%     27.69% |          11      2.19%     29.88% |          12      2.39%     32.27% |          14      2.79%     35.06% |          22      4.38%     39.44% |          37      7.37%     46.81% |          17      3.39%     50.20% |          22      4.38%     54.58% |          22      4.38%     58.96% |          13      2.59%     61.55% |          15      2.99%     64.54% |          10      1.99%     66.53% |          22      4.38%     70.92% |          17      3.39%     74.30% |          22      4.38%     78.69% |           8      1.59%     80.28% |          13      2.59%     82.87% |           8      1.59%     84.46% |           7      1.39%     85.86% |          15      2.99%     88.84% |          12      2.39%     91.24% |           8      1.59%     92.83% |          12      2.39%     95.22% |           7      1.39%     96.61% |           8      1.59%     98.21% |           9      1.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total          502                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        2196      3.42%      3.42% |        2253      3.51%      6.93% |        2299      3.58%     10.52% |        2418      3.77%     14.28% |        2431      3.79%     18.07% |        2292      3.57%     21.65% |        2301      3.59%     25.23% |        2122      3.31%     28.54% |        1889      2.94%     31.48% |        1771      2.76%     34.24% |        1997      3.11%     37.35% |        2105      3.28%     40.63% |        2090      3.26%     43.89% |        1993      3.11%     47.00% |        2036      3.17%     50.17% |        1918      2.99%     53.16% |        1797      2.80%     55.96% |        1798      2.80%     58.76% |        1899      2.96%     61.72% |        1882      2.93%     64.65% |        1929      3.01%     67.66% |        1738      2.71%     70.37% |        1860      2.90%     73.27% |        1678      2.62%     75.88% |        1799      2.80%     78.69% |        1977      3.08%     81.77% |        1863      2.90%     84.67% |        1895      2.95%     87.62% |        2053      3.20%     90.82% |        2001      3.12%     93.94% |        1949      3.04%     96.98% |        1938      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        64167                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          60      1.51%      1.51% |          64      1.61%      3.12% |          81      2.04%      5.16% |          78      1.96%      7.12% |         129      3.25%     10.37% |          96      2.42%     12.79% |          70      1.76%     14.55% |          74      1.86%     16.41% |         143      3.60%     20.01% |         117      2.94%     22.95% |         163      4.10%     27.06% |         146      3.67%     30.73% |         100      2.52%     33.25% |         117      2.94%     36.19% |         181      4.56%     40.75% |         120      3.02%     43.77% |         119      3.00%     46.77% |         116      2.92%     49.69% |         113      2.84%     52.53% |         139      3.50%     56.03% |         147      3.70%     59.73% |         117      2.94%     62.67% |         167      4.20%     66.88% |         158      3.98%     70.85% |         179      4.51%     75.36% |         135      3.40%     78.76% |         177      4.46%     83.21% |         164      4.13%     87.34% |         151      3.80%     91.14% |         136      3.42%     94.56% |         122      3.07%     97.63% |          94      2.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         3973                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          60      1.51%      1.51% |          64      1.61%      3.12% |          81      2.04%      5.16% |          78      1.96%      7.12% |         129      3.25%     10.37% |          96      2.42%     12.79% |          70      1.76%     14.55% |          74      1.86%     16.41% |         143      3.60%     20.01% |         117      2.94%     22.95% |         163      4.10%     27.06% |         146      3.67%     30.73% |         100      2.52%     33.25% |         117      2.94%     36.19% |         181      4.56%     40.75% |         120      3.02%     43.77% |         119      3.00%     46.77% |         116      2.92%     49.69% |         113      2.84%     52.53% |         139      3.50%     56.03% |         147      3.70%     59.73% |         117      2.94%     62.67% |         167      4.20%     66.88% |         158      3.98%     70.85% |         179      4.51%     75.36% |         135      3.40%     78.76% |         177      4.46%     83.21% |         164      4.13%     87.34% |         151      3.80%     91.14% |         136      3.42%     94.56% |         122      3.07%     97.63% |          94      2.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         3973                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           2     11.11%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           4     22.22%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           3     16.67%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           2     11.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.00%      4.00% |           0      0.00%      4.00% |           1      4.00%      8.00% |           1      4.00%     12.00% |           0      0.00%     12.00% |           1      4.00%     16.00% |           0      0.00%     16.00% |           1      4.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           4     16.00%     36.00% |           2      8.00%     44.00% |           3     12.00%     56.00% |           0      0.00%     56.00% |           0      0.00%     56.00% |           0      0.00%     56.00% |           0      0.00%     56.00% |           0      0.00%     56.00% |           0      0.00%     56.00% |           1      4.00%     60.00% |           2      8.00%     68.00% |           2      8.00%     76.00% |           0      0.00%     76.00% |           0      0.00%     76.00% |           1      4.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           2      8.00%     88.00% |           0      0.00%     88.00% |           0      0.00%     88.00% |           0      0.00%     88.00% |           1      4.00%     92.00% |           2      8.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        2196      3.42%      3.42% |        2253      3.51%      6.93% |        2299      3.58%     10.52% |        2418      3.77%     14.28% |        2431      3.79%     18.07% |        2292      3.57%     21.64% |        2301      3.59%     25.23% |        2122      3.31%     28.54% |        1889      2.94%     31.48% |        1771      2.76%     34.24% |        1997      3.11%     37.35% |        2105      3.28%     40.63% |        2090      3.26%     43.89% |        1993      3.11%     46.99% |        2036      3.17%     50.17% |        1918      2.99%     53.16% |        1797      2.80%     55.96% |        1798      2.80%     58.76% |        1899      2.96%     61.72% |        1882      2.93%     64.65% |        1929      3.01%     67.66% |        1740      2.71%     70.37% |        1860      2.90%     73.27% |        1678      2.61%     75.88% |        1799      2.80%     78.68% |        1977      3.08%     81.76% |        1864      2.90%     84.67% |        1895      2.95%     87.62% |        2053      3.20%     90.82% |        2001      3.12%     93.94% |        1949      3.04%     96.98% |        1940      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        64172                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      392329     20.34%     20.34% |      964347     50.00%     70.34% |       21043      1.09%     71.43% |       19751      1.02%     72.46% |       17601      0.91%     73.37% |       21787      1.13%     74.50% |       17628      0.91%     75.41% |       23650      1.23%     76.64% |       19487      1.01%     77.65% |       21407      1.11%     78.76% |       20562      1.07%     79.83% |       20537      1.06%     80.89% |       21008      1.09%     81.98% |       18088      0.94%     82.92% |       17809      0.92%     83.84% |       17680      0.92%     84.76% |       18197      0.94%     85.70% |       21404      1.11%     86.81% |       20273      1.05%     87.86% |       20705      1.07%     88.94% |       17227      0.89%     89.83% |       19284      1.00%     90.83% |       17653      0.92%     91.74% |       17709      0.92%     92.66% |       17612      0.91%     93.58% |       17727      0.92%     94.49% |       17352      0.90%     95.39% |       17457      0.91%     96.30% |       17544      0.91%     97.21% |       18075      0.94%     98.15% |       17971      0.93%     99.08% |       17790      0.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1928694                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      392329     20.34%     20.34% |      964347     50.00%     70.34% |       21043      1.09%     71.43% |       19751      1.02%     72.46% |       17601      0.91%     73.37% |       21787      1.13%     74.50% |       17628      0.91%     75.41% |       23650      1.23%     76.64% |       19487      1.01%     77.65% |       21407      1.11%     78.76% |       20562      1.07%     79.83% |       20537      1.06%     80.89% |       21008      1.09%     81.98% |       18088      0.94%     82.92% |       17809      0.92%     83.84% |       17680      0.92%     84.76% |       18197      0.94%     85.70% |       21404      1.11%     86.81% |       20273      1.05%     87.86% |       20705      1.07%     88.94% |       17227      0.89%     89.83% |       19284      1.00%     90.83% |       17653      0.92%     91.74% |       17709      0.92%     92.66% |       17612      0.91%     93.58% |       17727      0.92%     94.49% |       17352      0.90%     95.39% |       17457      0.91%     96.30% |       17544      0.91%     97.21% |       18075      0.94%     98.15% |       17971      0.93%     99.08% |       17790      0.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1928694                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      392329     20.34%     20.34% |      964347     50.00%     70.34% |       21043      1.09%     71.43% |       19751      1.02%     72.46% |       17601      0.91%     73.37% |       21787      1.13%     74.50% |       17628      0.91%     75.41% |       23650      1.23%     76.64% |       19487      1.01%     77.65% |       21407      1.11%     78.76% |       20562      1.07%     79.83% |       20537      1.06%     80.89% |       21008      1.09%     81.98% |       18088      0.94%     82.92% |       17809      0.92%     83.84% |       17680      0.92%     84.76% |       18197      0.94%     85.70% |       21404      1.11%     86.81% |       20273      1.05%     87.86% |       20705      1.07%     88.94% |       17227      0.89%     89.83% |       19284      1.00%     90.83% |       17653      0.92%     91.74% |       17709      0.92%     92.66% |       17612      0.91%     93.58% |       17727      0.92%     94.49% |       17352      0.90%     95.39% |       17457      0.91%     96.30% |       17544      0.91%     97.21% |       18075      0.94%     98.15% |       17971      0.93%     99.08% |       17790      0.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1928694                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      392329     20.34%     20.34% |      964347     50.00%     70.34% |       21043      1.09%     71.43% |       19751      1.02%     72.46% |       17601      0.91%     73.37% |       21787      1.13%     74.50% |       17628      0.91%     75.41% |       23650      1.23%     76.64% |       19487      1.01%     77.65% |       21407      1.11%     78.76% |       20562      1.07%     79.83% |       20537      1.06%     80.89% |       21008      1.09%     81.98% |       18088      0.94%     82.92% |       17809      0.92%     83.84% |       17680      0.92%     84.76% |       18197      0.94%     85.70% |       21404      1.11%     86.81% |       20273      1.05%     87.86% |       20705      1.07%     88.94% |       17227      0.89%     89.83% |       19284      1.00%     90.83% |       17653      0.92%     91.74% |       17709      0.92%     92.66% |       17612      0.91%     93.58% |       17727      0.92%     94.49% |       17352      0.90%     95.39% |       17457      0.91%     96.30% |       17544      0.91%     97.21% |       18075      0.94%     98.15% |       17971      0.93%     99.08% |       17790      0.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1928694                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
