
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.042246                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 42246246500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5218414325000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  39774                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    69856                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               57370239                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4771300                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   736.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    29288691                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      51440843                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4969216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4969216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3963008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        3963008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        77644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              77644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        61922                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             61922                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    117625030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            117625030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     93807340                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            93807340                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    211432370                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           211432370                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      77644                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     61922                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    77644                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   61922                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4967936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                3962944                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4969216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             3963008                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    20                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             5350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             5222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             5047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             5198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             3794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             4179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             4056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                       22                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  42245981000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                77644                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               61922                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  68492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   7345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   1255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    271                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                     95                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                     50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                     25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                     19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  12068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  12208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        47982                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   186.108457                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   134.019383                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   181.720271                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        20322     42.35%     42.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        14243     29.68%     72.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8505     17.73%     89.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1949      4.06%     93.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1037      2.16%     95.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          538      1.12%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          389      0.81%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          374      0.78%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          625      1.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        47982                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12071                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.430453                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    36.737865                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        12065     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        12071                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12071                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.129732                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.110293                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.537017                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11974     99.20%     99.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            84      0.70%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15            8      0.07%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            5      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        12071                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1138939739                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             2594389739                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 388120000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    14672.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               33422.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      117.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       93.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   117.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    93.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   55159                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  36395                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                71.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               58.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    302695.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   65.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    9153689000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1410500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    31676831000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              181961640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              180721800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0               99284625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1               98608125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             305097000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             300229800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            199357200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            201826080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         2758938000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         2758938000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        17518498560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        17080954020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0         9977295750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        10361106750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          31040432775                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          30982384575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          734.847140                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          733.472914                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4884608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4884608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3885376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3885376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        76322                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              76322                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60709                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60709                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    115622296                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            115622296                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     91969733                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            91969733                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    207592028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           207592028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      76322                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60709                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    76322                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60709                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4883776                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3885376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4884608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3885376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             5300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             5164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             5086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             4121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             4097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             4031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                       15                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  42245528500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                76322                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60709                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  67919                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   6804                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1093                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                    269                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                     84                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                     41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                     34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                     21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  12342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  12235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  12131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        45864                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   191.175301                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   137.312435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   185.698030                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18762     40.91%     40.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        13780     30.05%     70.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8308     18.11%     89.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1994      4.35%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1055      2.30%     95.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          563      1.23%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          384      0.84%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          361      0.79%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          657      1.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        45864                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11855                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.436862                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.216096                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11850     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11855                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11855                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.120962                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.103226                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.510109                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11781     99.38%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            62      0.52%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15            8      0.07%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            4      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11855                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1072500733                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             2503294483                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 381545000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    14054.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               32804.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      115.60                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       91.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   115.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    91.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   54496                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  36647                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                71.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               60.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    308291.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   66.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    9530785750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1410500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    31299904250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              175664160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              170999640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0               95848500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1               93303375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             300846000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             294184800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            195916320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            197380800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         2758938000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         2758938000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        17397192870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        16662025395                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        10083704250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        10728588000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          31008110100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          30905420010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          734.081937                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          731.650865                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4884928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4884928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3886720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3886720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        76327                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              76327                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60730                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60730                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    115629870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            115629870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     92001546                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            92001546                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    207631416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           207631416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      76327                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60730                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    76327                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60730                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4883968                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3886656                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4884928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3886720                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             5299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             5162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             5097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             4119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             4109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             4041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        8                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  42246017000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                76327                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60730                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  67956                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   6743                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                    284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                     55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                     26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11860                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  12341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  12230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  12134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        45909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   191.014398                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   137.217409                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   185.102708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18870     41.10%     41.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        13706     29.85%     70.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8319     18.12%     89.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1981      4.32%     93.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1058      2.30%     95.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          593      1.29%     96.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          398      0.87%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          333      0.73%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          651      1.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        45909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11860                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.434064                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.282221                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11855     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11860                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11860                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.120489                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.103411                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.492530                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11772     99.26%     99.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            79      0.67%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15            7      0.06%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11860                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1081206978                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             2512056978                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 381560000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    14168.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               32918.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      115.61                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       92.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   115.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    92.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   54495                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  36628                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                71.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               60.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    308236.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   66.49                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE    9521720250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1410500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    31308459750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              175520520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              171506160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0               95770125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1               93579750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             300791400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             294301800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            195942240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            197516880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         2758938000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         2758938000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        17281873035                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        16772812020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        10184862000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        10631406750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          30993697320                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          30920061360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          733.740731                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          731.997483                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4859968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4859968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3878720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3878720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        75937                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              75937                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        60605                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             60605                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    115039048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            115039048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     91812180                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            91812180                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    206851229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           206851229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      75938                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     60605                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    75938                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   60605                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4859456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3878592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4860032                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3878720                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             5243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             5152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             5073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             4100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             4095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             4034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                       15                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  42245505500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                75938                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               60605                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  67674                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   6686                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1068                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                    276                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                     94                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                     32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                     21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                     20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                     13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  12303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  12237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  12089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        45479                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   192.101321                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   137.591326                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   187.210385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18640     40.99%     40.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        13528     29.75%     70.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8275     18.20%     88.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1987      4.37%     93.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1046      2.30%     95.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          567      1.25%     96.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          401      0.88%     97.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          369      0.81%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          666      1.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        45479                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11836                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.414667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    30.262453                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11830     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11836                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11836                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.120226                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.103000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.499761                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11762     99.37%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            67      0.57%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15            3      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            4      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11836                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1075844232                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             2499512982                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 379645000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    14169.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               32919.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      115.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       91.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   115.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    91.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   54307                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  36739                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                71.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               60.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    309393.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   66.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE    9536985250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1410500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    31293369750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              173668320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              170115120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0               94759500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1               92820750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             298708800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             293397000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            195410880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            197231760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         2758938000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         2758938000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        17223857865                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        16739895375                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        10235752500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        10660281000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          30981095865                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          30912679005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          733.442406                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          731.822714                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1362                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1362                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          789                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3999                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4839                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              433160                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              107160                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1818000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          382                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1564672                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          382                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                6889472                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 27.417657                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                24.367011                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                17.901980                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     6856235     99.52%     99.52% |       30035      0.44%     99.95% |        1588      0.02%     99.98% |         766      0.01%     99.99% |         426      0.01%     99.99% |         166      0.00%    100.00% |         249      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  6889472                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     19175670                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.851183                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.638974                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.035900                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    17762884     92.63%     92.63% |     1372582      7.16%     99.79% |       32198      0.17%     99.96% |        4522      0.02%     99.98% |        2011      0.01%     99.99% |        1036      0.01%    100.00% |         208      0.00%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |         165      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      19175670                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            19175666                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              11.275696                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.879353                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             36.690029                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    19106934     99.64%     99.64% |       60053      0.31%     99.95% |        7272      0.04%     99.99% |        1205      0.01%    100.00% |         176      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              19175666                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        17765428                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.001161                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.001001                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.034157                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    17744875     99.88%     99.88% |       20487      0.12%    100.00% |          66      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          17765428                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1410238                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        115.513892                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean        98.466847                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev        81.093826                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1341506     95.13%     95.13% |       60053      4.26%     99.38% |        7272      0.52%     99.90% |        1205      0.09%     99.99% |         176      0.01%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1410238                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4751360                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2514944                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         558408                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       558408                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     10422713                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       289147                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     10711860                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      6568205                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123189                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      6691394                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load      1021280                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        15994                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       421379                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1319303                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        39914                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           38                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           38                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits       187662                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       248044                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       435706                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        32485                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits       200010                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       252899                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       452909                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        32206                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits       189110                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       246608                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       435718                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        32362                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits       197728                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       250317                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       448045                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        30938                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        46062                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        26429                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        72491                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        19298                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        24636                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        43934                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        20087                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        24647                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        44734                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        20328                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        24562                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        44890                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        18331                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        24921                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        43252                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        18445                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        24602                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        43047                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        17236                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        24586                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        41822                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        17609                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        24541                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        42150                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        19039                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        24944                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        43983                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        18328                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        24544                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        42872                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        18252                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        24546                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        42798                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        17882                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        24508                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        42390                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        17734                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        24680                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        42414                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17594                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        24880                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        42474                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        20285                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        24552                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        44837                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        17647                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        24520                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        42167                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        17209                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        24476                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        41685                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        18137                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        24897                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        43034                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18269                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        24569                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        42838                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        17480                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        24537                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        42017                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18699                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        24477                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        43176                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        18237                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        24877                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        43114                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19095                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        24493                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        43588                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        18703                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        24589                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        43292                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        20049                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        24503                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        44552                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        21860                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        24527                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        46387                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        18218                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        24929                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        43147                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        18169                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        24549                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        42718                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        17497                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        24555                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        42052                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        17027                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        24540                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        41567                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        17659                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        24951                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        42610                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        19582                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        24626                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        44208                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          606                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      8595361                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      8595361                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8754391                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8595360                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4376445                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4371788                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      8595360                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.101729                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      6353653                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      6353653                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6513840                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6353653                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3937294                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3928273                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      6353653                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.075198                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      5439435                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      5439435                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5611900                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5439434                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2534396                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2529155                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      5439434                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.064378                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      5379677                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      5379677                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5539787                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5379677                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2637445                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2632257                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      5379677                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.063670                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      5173116                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      5173116                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5342464                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5173116                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2587440                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2582568                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      5173116                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.061226                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      5368505                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      5368505                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5536800                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5368505                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2687300                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2682865                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      5368505                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.063538                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      2549743                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      2549743                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2566328                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2549743                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1030396                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1030019                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      2549743                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.030177                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      1745641                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      1745641                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1752768                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1745641                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity       790414                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity       790133                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      1745641                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.020660                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      1241189                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      1241189                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1243213                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1241189                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       630407                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       630353                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      1241189                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.014690                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      1523819                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      1523819                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1527546                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1523819                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity       818498                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity       818367                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      1523819                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.018035                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads       983337                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes       983337                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity       985041                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity       983337                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       459389                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       459365                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity       983337                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.011638                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1289280                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1289280                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1291301                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1289280                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       624667                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       624620                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1289280                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.015259                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1619883                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1619883                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1623771                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1619883                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       850928                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       850815                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1619883                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.019172                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1013014                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1013014                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1014643                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1013014                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       458374                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       458342                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1013014                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.011989                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       608638                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       608638                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       611232                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       608638                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       280665                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       280606                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       608638                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.007203                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1006448                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1006448                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1010004                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1006448                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       458213                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       458136                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1006448                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.011912                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      1399122                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      1399122                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1403395                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1399122                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       593818                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       593698                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      1399122                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.016559                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1139937                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1139937                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1142714                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1139937                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       515976                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       515885                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1139937                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.013492                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1075046                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1075046                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1079817                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1075046                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       485113                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       485010                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1075046                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.012724                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       625252                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       625252                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       626502                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       625252                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       287031                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       286996                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       625252                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.007400                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       704064                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       704064                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       704640                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       704064                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       377507                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       377492                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       704064                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.008333                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       895423                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       895423                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       897349                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       895423                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       485504                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       485423                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       895423                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.010598                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       650736                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       650736                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       651073                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       650736                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       328245                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       328244                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       650736                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.007702                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       413905                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       413905                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       413905                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       413905                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       198281                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       198281                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       413905                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004899                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       659552                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       659552                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       660025                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       659552                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       329965                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       329944                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       659552                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007806                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       866194                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       866194                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       868147                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       866194                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       466162                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       466066                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       866194                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.010252                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       641529                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       641529                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       641890                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       641529                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       318049                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       318049                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       641529                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.007593                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       426112                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       426112                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       426112                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       426112                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       202320                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       202320                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       426112                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005043                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      2872752                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      2872752                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2889026                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2872752                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1271011                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1270752                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      2872752                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.034000                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      2954768                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      2954768                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2973677                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2954768                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1293061                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1292744                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      2954768                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.034971                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      2093493                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      2093493                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2106503                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2093493                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity       916714                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity       916397                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      2093493                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.024777                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      2193724                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      2193724                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2208468                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2193724                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity       958661                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity       958308                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      2193724                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.025964                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5254899     28.47%     28.47% |    11216300     60.76%     89.23% |     1988381     10.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     18459580                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5254901     28.47%     28.47% |    11216301     60.76%     89.23% |     1988381     10.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     18459583                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   137026443                       |   277514214                       |    47454491                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    17263789                       |    46622170                       |     1989050                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   26.075942                       |   24.742046                       |   23.865894                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    3.285275                       |    4.156644                       |    1.000336                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    25.027392                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     3.568608                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         28.596000                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.003380                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.070138      6.74%      6.74% |    0.070231      6.75%     13.48% |    0.070027      6.73%     20.21% |    0.070093      6.73%     26.94% |    0.159856     15.36%     42.30% |    0.158517     15.23%     57.52% |    0.159734     15.34%     72.87% |    0.158459     15.22%     88.09% |    0.030997      2.98%     91.07% |    0.031007      2.98%     94.04% |    0.030999      2.98%     97.02% |    0.031003      2.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.041062                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.025706                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.019824                       |    0.000001                       |    0.019075                       |    0.019842                       |    0.018852                       |    0.019460                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004554                       |    0.002463                       |    0.002359                       |    0.002416                       |    0.002378                       |    0.002371                       |    0.002326                       |    0.002298                       |    0.002341                       |    0.002466                       |    0.002521                       |    0.002528                       |    0.002388                       |    0.002395                       |    0.002312                       |    0.002333                       |    0.002434                       |    0.002384                       |    0.002383                       |    0.002358                       |    0.002334                       |    0.002533                       |    0.002344                       |    0.002305                       |    0.002371                       |    0.002388                       |    0.002332                       |    0.002399                       |    0.002371                       |    0.002416                       |    0.002487                       |    0.002627                       |    0.005495                       |    0.005397                       |    0.005398                       |    0.005370                       |    0.000290                       |           0                       |    0.003627                       |    0.010278                       |    0.001604                       |    0.001732                       |    0.001592                       |    0.001723                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002644                       |    0.000294                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002625                       |    0.002770                       |           0                       |    0.002636                       |           0                       |    0.004301                       |    0.004965                       |    0.002788                       |           0                       |    0.002652                       |    0.004465                       |           0                       |    0.008467                       |    0.007562                       |    0.010853                       |    0.016490                       |    0.002632                       |    0.001604                       |    0.017649                       |    0.016026                       |    0.009977                       |    0.016554                       |    0.002666                       |    0.001732                       |    0.018704                       |    0.017227                       |    0.006786                       |           0                       |    0.002631                       |    0.004376                       |           0                       |    0.008185                       |    0.008326                       |    0.011453                       |           0                       |    0.002744                       |           0                       |    0.004898                       |    0.004153                       |    0.003464                       |           0                       |    0.002660                       |           0                       |    0.002371                       |    0.002775                       |           0                       |    0.002767                       |           0                       |    0.001408                       |    0.002533                       |    0.003890                       |           0                       |    0.002659                       |           0                       |    0.001257                       |    0.005150                       |    0.004999                       |    0.003969                       |    0.016295                       |    0.002654                       |    0.001592                       |    0.003519                       |    0.010248                       |    0.022326                       |    0.004592                       |    0.027965                       |    0.004042                       |    0.003627                       |    0.015074                       |    0.017882                       |    0.028507                       |    0.004632                       |    0.000003                       |    0.002695                       |    0.010278                       |    0.015468                       |    0.023757                       |    0.018440                       |    0.004557                       |    0.016431                       |    0.002620                       |    0.001723                       |    0.005031                       |    0.022214                       |    0.010268                       |    0.005250                       |           0                       |    0.002661                       |           0                       |    0.002035                       |    0.004776                       |    0.005089                       |    0.004611                       |           0                       |    0.002645                       |           0                       |    0.001282                       |    0.002388                       |    0.003937                       |           0                       |    0.002619                       |           0                       |    0.000145                       |    0.002344                       |    0.002594                       |           0                       |    0.002720                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001468                       |    0.004864                       |    0.002587                       |           0                       |    0.002701                       |    0.004377                       |           0                       |    0.004669                       |    0.002805                       |    0.007626                       |    0.002599                       |           0                       |    0.002594                       |           0                       |    0.017665                       |    0.003760                       |    0.003456                       |    0.002702                       |           0                       |    0.002594                       |           0                       |    0.004948                       |    0.007303                       |    0.003189                       |    0.002626                       |           0                       |    0.002781                       |    0.004362                       |           0                       |    0.005315                       |    0.008208                       |    0.002651                       |    0.002647                       |           0                       |    0.002631                       |           0                       |    0.000664                       |    0.004727                       |    0.001324                       |    0.002643                       |           0                       |    0.002616                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002332                       |    0.002644                       |           0                       |    0.002594                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002305                       |           0                       |    0.002587                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004617                       |           0                       |    0.002599                       |           0                       |    0.003677                       |           0                       |    0.005635                       |           0                       |    0.002702                       |           0                       |    0.008290                       |    0.002362                       |    0.003206                       |           0                       |    0.002626                       |           0                       |    0.002141                       |    0.005788                       |    0.002937                       |           0                       |    0.002647                       |           0                       |    0.004801                       |    0.005276                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002643                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004757                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002644                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002399                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.041062                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5972638                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5972638                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       265700                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      4305842                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3717036                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     86.325416                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          617950                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29852                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             11226035                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              45275                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             6746846                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             20731                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         11271310                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         6767577                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  17972881                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   66006                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              18038887                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              6698208                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9485                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          6707693                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   6698208                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9485                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               6707693                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 80719271                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23018629                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               35110401                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5972638                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      4334986                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              52931974                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          597530                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140215                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       152689                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       213777                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3334                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       309970                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           6697572                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        143602                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3824                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     77069353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.817342                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.169344                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         65386979     84.84%     84.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1300601      1.69%     86.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           688896      0.89%     87.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1087626      1.41%     88.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1712062      2.22%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           664404      0.86%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           967658      1.26%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          1014476      1.32%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          4246651      5.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     77069353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.073993                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.434969                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         15944604                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      51527468                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6535732                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2762777                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         298765                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       60569091                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         298765                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         16843827                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        31579445                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4837287                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           8098899                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      15411123                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       59641897                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         67653                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        7308441                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         394197                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents        7007070                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     65919634                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     139652500                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     89450719                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          164                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      56112989                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9806630                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       133778                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       135737                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          16229083                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      6473468                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      6934773                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2139746                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2019592                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           58233842                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       523034                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          61357458                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143201                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7098821                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11440223                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        48981                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     77069353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.796133                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.417148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     50442886     65.45%     65.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     11355998     14.73%     80.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5824938      7.56%     87.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3754728      4.87%     92.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3159808      4.10%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1375179      1.78%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       692322      0.90%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289611      0.38%     99.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173883      0.23%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     77069353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           95339     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         601952     78.83%     91.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         66325      8.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       165427      0.27%      0.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      42968091     70.03%     70.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22637      0.04%     70.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52379      0.09%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11354712     18.51%     88.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6794212     11.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       61357458                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.760134                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              763616                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012445                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    200691021                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     65862298                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     55455177                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           65                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          290                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       61955615                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              32                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1931949                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1111096                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2629                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7041                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       396440                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1827                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      6476230                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         298765                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5418749                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      18096045                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     58756876                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       100432                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       6473468                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6934773                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       513913                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         111278                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      17714695                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7041                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124492                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       190248                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       314740                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      60966979                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      11219742                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       324982                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             17970595                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          4904591                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            6750853                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.755296                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               55517770                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              55455197                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          35329272                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          59188071                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.687013                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.596899                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7288428                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       474053                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       279141                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     75917302                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.677590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.660620                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     57288102     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      9254361     12.19%     87.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2032733      2.68%     90.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2323314      3.06%     93.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       911940      1.20%     94.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1228285      1.62%     96.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       694046      0.91%     97.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       278558      0.37%     97.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1905963      2.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     75917302                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     29288690                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       51440840                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               11900700                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5362368                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4567704                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          51137884                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       543079                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        81913      0.16%      0.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     39385805     76.57%     76.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        21421      0.04%     76.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        51001      0.10%     76.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5362368     10.42%     87.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      6538332     12.71%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     51440840                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1905963                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            132682449                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           118615105                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84261                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3649918                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3772805                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            29288690                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              51440840                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.755988                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.755988                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.362846                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.362846                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         92638526                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        43546706                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          21807674                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         16762706                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        27990668                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         125491                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               9109488500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            9109488500.000010                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3074885                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        29.114096                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       24.746940                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       23.586365                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3044153     99.00%     99.00% |       28225      0.92%     99.92% |        1088      0.04%     99.95% |         595      0.02%     99.97% |         402      0.01%     99.99% |         166      0.01%     99.99% |         249      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3074885                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3010702                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.464613                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.401181                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       11.813499                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     2993337     99.42%     99.42% |       14860      0.49%     99.92% |        1296      0.04%     99.96% |         514      0.02%     99.98% |         359      0.01%     99.99% |         141      0.00%     99.99% |         122      0.00%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3010702                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        803885                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        24.498054                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       22.846607                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        8.547291                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       16167      2.01%      2.01% |       95527     11.88%     13.89% |      302949     37.69%     51.58% |      175051     21.78%     73.36% |      184742     22.98%     96.34% |       29202      3.63%     99.97% |         237      0.03%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          803885                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          5021133                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           16.693797                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.508247                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          49.336120                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     4979251     99.17%     99.17% |       36792      0.73%     99.90% |        4054      0.08%     99.98% |         875      0.02%    100.00% |         141      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            5021133                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      4437415                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000631                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000544                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.025192                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4434627     99.94%     99.94% |        2778      0.06%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        4437415                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       583718                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     120.789028                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean     99.562909                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev     93.147615                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      541836     92.82%     92.82% |       36792      6.30%     99.13% |        4054      0.69%     99.82% |         875      0.15%     99.97% |         141      0.02%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        583718                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          7335000                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           13.808383                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.197035                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          40.172504                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     7310494     99.67%     99.67% |       21138      0.29%     99.95% |        3020      0.04%    100.00% |         307      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            7335000                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      6639536                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.002668                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.002301                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.051742                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6621881     99.73%     99.73% |       17599      0.27%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        6639536                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       695464                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     116.969630                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    102.779596                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     72.552980                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      670958     96.48%     96.48% |       21138      3.04%     99.52% |        3020      0.43%     99.95% |         307      0.04%     99.99% |          35      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        695464                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      6691391                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.486958                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.182749                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      13.127834                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     6678644     99.81%     99.81% |       10681      0.16%     99.97% |        1828      0.03%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          81      0.00%    100.00% |          95      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        6691391                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      6568205                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000552                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6568203    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      6568205                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123186                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.770648                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.490364                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    54.384152                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110439     89.65%     89.65% |       10681      8.67%     98.32% |        1828      1.48%     99.81% |          40      0.03%     99.84% |          81      0.07%     99.91% |          95      0.08%     99.98% |          21      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123186                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       126836                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.532538                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.668621                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    27.598412                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      125548     98.98%     98.98% |        1011      0.80%     99.78% |         247      0.19%     99.98% |           8      0.01%     99.98% |          11      0.01%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       126836                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       118994                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000908                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000783                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.030113                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      118886     99.91%     99.91% |         108      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       118994                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         7842                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    92.469141                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.393672                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    69.354753                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        6554     83.58%     83.58% |        1011     12.89%     96.47% |         247      3.15%     99.62% |           8      0.10%     99.72% |          11      0.14%     99.86% |          10      0.13%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         7842                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.958652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.428864                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    32.524834                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         648     99.23%     99.23% |           4      0.61%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    95.321429                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    67.676785                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev   130.711742                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |          23     82.14%     82.14% |           4     14.29%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks         8471                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       231460                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       297973                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    35753                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    49070                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                   346102                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    36318                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    49078                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                   362785                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    35273                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    49070                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                   346590                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    36086                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   49070                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                  358136                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    839                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    343                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   3785                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    910                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    335                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   3669                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    811                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                    343                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   3817                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    890                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                   343                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  3706                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                      742                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                   125298                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                      879                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                   128760                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                      606                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                   125751                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                      665                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                  126510                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                36592                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                49413                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               349887                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                37228                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                49413                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               366454                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                36084                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                49413                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               350407                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                36976                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               49413                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses              361842                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 1121473                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  829069                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 4334828                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 1011210                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  733748                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 4194330                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 1120860                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  825591                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                 4304631                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                 1020082                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                 743999                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                4213620                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   23964                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   40965                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                  174959                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   24380                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   40965                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                  183242                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   23632                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   40965                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                  175215                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   24216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  40965                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                 180934                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  12628                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   8448                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                 174928                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  12848                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   8448                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                 183212                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  12452                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   8448                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                 175192                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  12760                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  8448                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                180908                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                23667                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                40782                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits               171174                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                24047                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                40790                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits               179573                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                23335                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                40782                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits               171398                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                23882                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               40782                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits              177228                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                297                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                183                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               3785                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                333                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                175                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               3669                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                297                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                183                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               3817                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                334                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses               183                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              3706                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               12086                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                8288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits              174928                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               12271                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                8288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits              183212                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               11938                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                8288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits              175192                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits               12204                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               8288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits             180908                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               542                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               160                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               577                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses               160                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               514                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses               160                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               556                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses              160                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      287                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      566                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      292                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      585                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      283                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                      572                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                      290                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                     581                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                4380964                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                5016116                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                8670367                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                4373199                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                4888759                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                8662495                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                4382777                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                4981561                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                8674455                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                4381729                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               4894816                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               8678307                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    4592                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    4528                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    4672                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    4680                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    4528                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                    4576                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                    4640                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                   1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                   4648                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               3274184                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               4643200                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               7953236                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               3442653                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               4527571                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               7900878                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               3367999                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               4607476                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               7949611                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               3467696                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              4539835                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              7944367                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             251459                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             270336                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             375824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             254675                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             270336                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             388451                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             247768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             270336                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             379810                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             252758                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            270336                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            385784                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              4188870                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2777730                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              5871153                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              3916564                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              2683815                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              5789098                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              4046462                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              2753506                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              5922045                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              3889208                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             2679214                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             5809668                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          3274184                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          4643200                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          7953236                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          3442653                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          4527571                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          7900878                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          3367999                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          4607476                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          7949611                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          3467696                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         4539835                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         7944367                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        233486                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        375736                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        239371                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        388355                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        230816                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        379644                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        237749                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       385696                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         3339521                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         2777730                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         5839420                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         3244921                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         2683815                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         5762768                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         3299702                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         2753506                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         5868123                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         3254318                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        2679214                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        5794304                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            4355000                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            4982324                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            8624963                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            4346203                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            4854967                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            8615771                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            4357310                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            4947769                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            8628902                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            4355171                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           4861024                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           8631273                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles              6320                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles             10673                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles               758                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles              6526                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles             12520                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles              4080                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles             12486                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles            11510                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          66368630                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          79468509                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          70765138                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles          66368474                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles          79468505                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles          70764980                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          66368831                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles          79468511                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles          70764873                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles          66368604                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles         79468507                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         70765228                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          4339602                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          5017002                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          7562398                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          4336406                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          4889429                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          7543308                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          4353601                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          4982580                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          7563761                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          4347678                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         4895494                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         7560829                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               664                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               336                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              1083                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               715                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               328                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0              1103                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               665                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               336                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0              1095                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               723                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              336                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0             1086                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             11519                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              8288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             52332                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1             11587                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              8288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             57018                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1             11478                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              8288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1             52163                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1             11706                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             8288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1            57018                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             12936                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             11414                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             36033                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             15162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2             11834                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             39422                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             12441                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2             11380                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             35789                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2             14693                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2            11813                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            39048                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles              21                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles             761                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles            5015                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles              56                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles             304                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles            4281                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles             141                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles             775                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles            9789                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles              47                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles            515                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles           2486                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       77618     25.35%     25.35% |       76322     24.93%     50.27% |       76327     24.93%     75.20% |       75938     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       306205                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56012     25.43%     25.43% |       54792     24.87%     50.30% |       54810     24.88%     75.18% |       54682     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       220296                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       77643     25.35%     25.35% |       76322     24.92%     50.28% |       76327     24.92%     75.20% |       75937     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       306229                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       61922     25.38%     25.38% |       60709     24.88%     50.27% |       60730     24.89%     75.16% |       60604     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       243965                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           81                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6112     25.00%     25.00% |        6112     25.00%     50.00% |        6112     25.00%     75.00% |        6112     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24448                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       13414     25.24%     25.24% |       13338     25.10%     50.34% |       13325     25.07%     75.42% |       13064     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        53141                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       77618     25.35%     25.35% |       76322     24.93%     50.27% |       76327     24.93%     75.20% |       75938     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       306205                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       55755     25.41%     25.41% |       54597     24.88%     50.28% |       54618     24.89%     75.17% |       54493     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       219463                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       13414     25.24%     25.24% |       13338     25.10%     50.34% |       13325     25.07%     75.42% |       13064     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        53141                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       77617     25.35%     25.35% |       76322     24.93%     50.27% |       76327     24.93%     75.20% |       75937     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       306203                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       55755     25.41%     25.41% |       54597     24.88%     50.28% |       54618     24.89%     75.17% |       54492     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       219462                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          778                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     4048581     80.61%     80.61% |          38      0.00%     80.61% |      239794      4.77%     85.38% |      248494      4.95%     90.33% |      239726      4.77%     95.10% |      246026      4.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      5022659                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     6691450    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      6691450                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     6664933     89.30%     89.30% |           0      0.00%     89.30% |      195912      2.63%     91.93% |      204415      2.74%     94.67% |      195992      2.63%     97.29% |      202019      2.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      7463271                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13532      4.21%      4.21% |          38      0.01%      4.22% |       80540     25.07%     29.29% |       74240     23.11%     52.40% |       76951     23.95%     76.35% |       75968     23.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       321269                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      410409     55.51%     55.51% |           0      0.00%     55.51% |       81038     10.96%     66.47% |       83462     11.29%     77.76% |       81721     11.05%     88.82% |       82681     11.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       739311                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       64871     24.57%     24.57% |       68704     26.02%     50.59% |       64276     24.34%     74.93% |       66190     25.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       264041                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          30      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       52836     24.17%     24.19% |       58008     26.54%     50.73% |       51615     23.61%     74.34% |       56086     25.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       218575                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        9102     25.13%     25.13% |        9220     25.46%     50.60% |        8902     24.58%     75.18% |        8989     24.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        36213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      141850     54.02%     54.02% |          11      0.00%     54.02% |       29175     11.11%     65.13% |       31894     12.15%     77.28% |       29057     11.07%     88.35% |       30600     11.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       262587                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27      0.01%      0.01% |       56236     25.73%     25.74% |       53724     24.58%     50.32% |       54709     25.03%     75.35% |       53879     24.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       218575                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      270463     37.88%     37.88% |           0      0.00%     37.88% |      112431     15.75%     53.62% |      109332     15.31%     68.94% |      111511     15.62%     84.55% |      110306     15.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       714043                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       61444     23.27%     23.27% |       72161     27.33%     50.61% |       62325     23.61%     74.22% |       68068     25.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       263998                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       50202     23.35%     23.36% |       57949     26.95%     50.30% |       51331     23.87%     74.18% |       55532     25.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       215033                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      287650     59.91%     59.91% |           0      0.00%     59.91% |       48696     10.14%     70.05% |       46803      9.75%     79.80% |       49409     10.29%     90.09% |       47591      9.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       480149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      141836     35.70%     35.70% |          38      0.01%     35.71% |       62710     15.78%     51.49% |       64949     16.35%     67.84% |       63539     15.99%     83.83% |       64239     16.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       397311                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122593    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122593                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      146867     66.04%     66.04% |           0      0.00%     66.04% |       18840      8.47%     74.52% |       19025      8.56%     83.07% |       18694      8.41%     91.48% |       18954      8.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       222380                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11201     59.84%     59.84% |           0      0.00%     59.84% |        1888     10.09%     69.92% |        1875     10.02%     79.94% |        1877     10.03%     89.97% |        1878     10.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        18719                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         384      0.21%      0.21% |           0      0.00%      0.21% |       47594     25.53%     25.74% |       45817     24.58%     50.32% |       46314     24.85%     75.16% |       46299     24.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       186408                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         596    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          596                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          41      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       76518     25.71%     25.72% |       73290     24.62%     50.34% |       74537     25.04%     75.39% |       73264     24.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       297650                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         544      0.71%      0.71% |           0      0.00%      0.71% |       18129     23.65%     24.36% |       20873     27.23%     51.59% |       17404     22.71%     74.30% |       19699     25.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        76649                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        6871      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |       36869     23.37%     27.72% |       38996     24.71%     52.44% |       37301     23.64%     76.08% |       37749     23.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       157786                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     6568205    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      6568205                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       42382     23.12%     23.13% |       49818     27.18%     50.31% |       43524     23.74%     74.05% |       47561     25.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       183304                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1380      0.46%      0.46% |          27      0.01%      0.47% |       77309     26.04%     26.52% |       71216     23.99%     50.51% |       73900     24.89%     75.40% |       73022     24.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       296854                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122078     66.94%     66.94% |           0      0.00%     66.94% |       14213      7.79%     74.73% |       15786      8.66%     83.39% |       14908      8.17%     91.56% |       15391      8.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       182376                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1377300     90.30%     90.30% |           0      0.00%     90.30% |       36241      2.38%     92.68% |       38091      2.50%     95.17% |       36501      2.39%     97.57% |       37099      2.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1525232                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       21220     23.14%     23.14% |           0      0.00%     23.14% |       16802     18.32%     41.46% |       19149     20.88%     62.35% |       16823     18.35%     80.69% |       17706     19.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        91700                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         616     98.25%     98.25% |          11      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          627                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      119895     76.89%     76.89% |           0      0.00%     76.89% |        9059      5.81%     82.70% |        9001      5.77%     88.48% |        8955      5.74%     94.22% |        9015      5.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       155925                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3046     23.45%     23.45% |        3425     26.36%     49.81% |        2960     22.79%     72.60% |        3560     27.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        12991                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2520665     91.51%     91.51% |           0      0.00%     91.51% |       56380      2.05%     93.56% |       60641      2.20%     95.76% |       56071      2.04%     97.80% |       60640      2.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2754397                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     6496657     97.43%     97.43% |           0      0.00%     97.43% |       41370      0.62%     98.05% |       43133      0.65%     98.70% |       42414      0.64%     99.33% |       44534      0.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      6668108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         334    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          334                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      167755     51.74%     51.74% |           0      0.00%     51.74% |       39637     12.23%     63.97% |       37802     11.66%     75.62% |       40454     12.48%     88.10% |       38576     11.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       324224                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       64871     24.57%     24.57% |       68704     26.02%     50.59% |       64276     24.34%     74.93% |       66190     25.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       264041                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          30      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       49790     24.22%     24.23% |       54583     26.55%     50.78% |       48655     23.67%     74.45% |       52526     25.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total       205584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          61     24.40%     24.40% |          60     24.00%     48.40% |          79     31.60%     80.00% |          50     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total          250                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         127    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      141850     54.02%     54.02% |          11      0.00%     54.02% |       29175     11.11%     65.13% |       31894     12.15%     77.28% |       29057     11.07%     88.35% |       30600     11.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       262587                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27      0.01%      0.01% |       56236     25.73%     25.74% |       53724     24.58%     50.32% |       54709     25.03%     75.35% |       53879     24.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       218575                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123555     54.79%     54.79% |           0      0.00%     54.79% |       24832     11.01%     65.81% |       25088     11.13%     76.93% |       26008     11.53%     88.47% |       26009     11.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       225492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        9102     25.13%     25.13% |        9220     25.46%     50.60% |        8902     24.58%     75.18% |        8989     24.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total        36213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      146908     30.09%     30.09% |           0      0.00%     30.09% |       87538     17.93%     48.01% |       84184     17.24%     65.25% |       85424     17.49%     82.75% |       84247     17.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       488301                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        6110     31.54%     31.54% |        6148     31.73%     63.27% |        3497     18.05%     81.32% |        3618     18.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        19373                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1282     28.59%     28.59% |        1089     24.29%     52.88% |        1095     24.42%     77.30% |        1018     22.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total         4484                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       55334     22.62%     22.62% |       66013     26.99%     49.61% |       58828     24.05%     73.65% |       64450     26.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total       244625                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       50202     23.35%     23.36% |       57949     26.95%     50.30% |       51331     23.87%     74.18% |       55532     25.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total       215033                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          61     24.40%     24.40% |          60     24.00%     48.40% |          79     31.60%     80.00% |          50     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total          250                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1525    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1525                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         129    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      287649     59.91%     59.91% |           0      0.00%     59.91% |       48696     10.14%     70.05% |       46803      9.75%     79.80% |       49409     10.29%     90.09% |       47591      9.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       480148                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3827      3.11%      3.11% |        3776      3.07%      6.17% |        3478      2.82%      8.99% |        3489      2.83%     11.83% |        3534      2.87%     14.70% |        4045      3.28%     17.98% |        3713      3.01%     20.99% |        3295      2.67%     23.67% |        3536      2.87%     26.54% |        5132      4.17%     30.70% |        3881      3.15%     33.85% |        3783      3.07%     36.92% |        3545      2.88%     39.80% |        4273      3.47%     43.27% |        3865      3.14%     46.41% |        3773      3.06%     49.47% |        4088      3.32%     52.79% |        4112      3.34%     56.13% |        3607      2.93%     59.05% |        3283      2.66%     61.72% |        3062      2.49%     64.20% |        3650      2.96%     67.17% |        3500      2.84%     70.01% |        3390      2.75%     72.76% |        3606      2.93%     75.69% |        3636      2.95%     78.64% |        3251      2.64%     81.28% |        4535      3.68%     84.96% |        3919      3.18%     88.14% |        5153      4.18%     92.32% |        5004      4.06%     96.38% |        4454      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123195                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       44829      7.52%      7.52% |       18419      3.09%     10.61% |       17522      2.94%     13.55% |       18232      3.06%     16.60% |       17781      2.98%     19.59% |       17342      2.91%     22.50% |       17159      2.88%     25.37% |       17063      2.86%     28.24% |       17384      2.92%     31.15% |       17769      2.98%     34.13% |       19617      3.29%     37.42% |       19256      3.23%     40.65% |       18119      3.04%     43.69% |       17653      2.96%     46.65% |       16922      2.84%     49.49% |       17213      2.89%     52.38% |       18245      3.06%     55.44% |       17554      2.94%     58.38% |       17790      2.98%     61.36% |       17714      2.97%     64.33% |       17773      2.98%     67.32% |       18874      3.17%     70.48% |       17395      2.92%     73.40% |       17124      2.87%     76.27% |       17543      2.94%     79.21% |       17775      2.98%     82.19% |       17423      2.92%     85.12% |       16906      2.84%     87.95% |       17424      2.92%     90.87% |       16913      2.84%     93.71% |       17460      2.93%     96.64% |       20035      3.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       596228                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       18682      3.49%      3.49% |       16753      3.13%      6.62% |       16332      3.05%      9.68% |       16587      3.10%     12.78% |       16662      3.11%     15.89% |       16348      3.06%     18.95% |       16226      3.03%     21.98% |       16264      3.04%     25.02% |       16629      3.11%     28.13% |       16376      3.06%     31.19% |       16477      3.08%     34.27% |       16967      3.17%     37.45% |       16553      3.09%     40.54% |       16375      3.06%     43.60% |       16383      3.06%     46.66% |       16407      3.07%     49.73% |       16616      3.11%     52.84% |       16392      3.06%     55.90% |       16637      3.11%     59.01% |       16745      3.13%     62.14% |       16664      3.12%     65.26% |       17537      3.28%     68.54% |       16642      3.11%     71.65% |       16660      3.11%     74.76% |       17029      3.18%     77.95% |       16677      3.12%     81.06% |       16760      3.13%     84.20% |       17184      3.21%     87.41% |       16627      3.11%     90.52% |       16551      3.09%     93.61% |       17128      3.20%     96.81% |       17047      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       534917                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |        5805      3.16%      3.16% |        5632      3.06%      6.22% |        5692      3.10%      9.32% |        5692      3.10%     12.42% |        5821      3.17%     15.59% |        5688      3.10%     18.68% |        5682      3.09%     21.77% |        5698      3.10%     24.87% |        5877      3.20%     28.07% |        5694      3.10%     31.17% |        5669      3.08%     34.26% |        5720      3.11%     37.37% |        5878      3.20%     40.57% |        5681      3.09%     43.66% |        5727      3.12%     46.77% |        5707      3.11%     49.88% |        5886      3.20%     53.08% |        5686      3.09%     56.18% |        5709      3.11%     59.28% |        5753      3.13%     62.41% |        5925      3.22%     65.64% |        5725      3.12%     68.75% |        5692      3.10%     71.85% |        5793      3.15%     75.00% |        5850      3.18%     78.19% |        5737      3.12%     81.31% |        5747      3.13%     84.44% |        5731      3.12%     87.55% |        5808      3.16%     90.72% |        5690      3.10%     93.81% |        5718      3.11%     96.92% |        5654      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total       183767                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       42920      8.94%      8.94% |       15071      3.14%     12.08% |       13745      2.86%     14.94% |       14672      3.06%     18.00% |       13891      2.89%     20.89% |       13516      2.81%     23.70% |       13144      2.74%     26.44% |       13183      2.75%     29.19% |       13386      2.79%     31.98% |       13952      2.91%     34.88% |       15695      3.27%     38.15% |       15983      3.33%     41.48% |       14086      2.93%     44.41% |       13714      2.86%     47.27% |       12879      2.68%     49.95% |       13274      2.76%     52.72% |       14234      2.96%     55.68% |       13737      2.86%     58.54% |       14087      2.93%     61.47% |       14114      2.94%     64.41% |       13759      2.87%     67.28% |       16200      3.37%     70.65% |       13675      2.85%     73.50% |       13358      2.78%     76.28% |       13816      2.88%     79.16% |       14205      2.96%     82.12% |       13732      2.86%     84.98% |       13700      2.85%     87.83% |       13589      2.83%     90.66% |       13406      2.79%     93.46% |       14521      3.02%     96.48% |       16904      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       480148                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        8039      3.67%      3.67% |        6817      3.11%      6.78% |        6855      3.13%      9.90% |        6806      3.10%     13.01% |        6790      3.10%     16.10% |        6804      3.10%     19.21% |        6790      3.10%     22.30% |        6801      3.10%     25.41% |        6820      3.11%     28.52% |        6829      3.11%     31.63% |        6860      3.13%     34.76% |        6829      3.11%     37.87% |        6809      3.11%     40.98% |        6830      3.12%     44.09% |        6817      3.11%     47.20% |        6800      3.10%     50.31% |        6845      3.12%     53.43% |        6828      3.11%     56.54% |        6828      3.11%     59.66% |        6822      3.11%     62.77% |        6813      3.11%     65.87% |        6858      3.13%     69.00% |        6834      3.12%     72.12% |        6780      3.09%     75.21% |        6799      3.10%     78.31% |        6810      3.11%     81.42% |        6793      3.10%     84.52% |        6786      3.10%     87.61% |        6783      3.09%     90.71% |        6773      3.09%     93.79% |        6788      3.10%     96.89% |        6817      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       219253                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        1819      3.41%      3.41% |        1702      3.19%      6.60% |        1733      3.25%      9.85% |        1675      3.14%     12.99% |        1678      3.15%     16.13% |        1674      3.14%     19.27% |        1674      3.14%     22.41% |        1659      3.11%     25.52% |        1674      3.14%     28.66% |        1712      3.21%     31.86% |        1693      3.17%     35.04% |        1646      3.09%     38.12% |        1696      3.18%     41.30% |        1689      3.17%     44.47% |        1703      3.19%     47.66% |        1651      3.09%     50.75% |        1666      3.12%     53.88% |        1650      3.09%     56.97% |        1638      3.07%     60.04% |        1624      3.04%     63.08% |        1628      3.05%     66.14% |        1649      3.09%     69.23% |        1635      3.06%     72.29% |        1620      3.04%     75.33% |        1659      3.11%     78.44% |        1685      3.16%     81.60% |        1675      3.14%     84.74% |        1628      3.05%     87.79% |        1651      3.09%     90.88% |        1625      3.05%     93.93% |        1627      3.05%     96.98% |        1613      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total        53351                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10974      3.58%      3.58% |        9569      3.13%      6.71% |        9636      3.15%      9.86% |        9529      3.11%     12.97% |        9516      3.11%     16.08% |        9526      3.11%     19.19% |        9512      3.11%     22.29% |        9508      3.11%     25.40% |        9542      3.12%     28.51% |        9589      3.13%     31.65% |        9600      3.14%     34.78% |        9522      3.11%     37.89% |        9552      3.12%     41.01% |        9566      3.12%     44.13% |        9567      3.12%     47.26% |        9498      3.10%     50.36% |        9557      3.12%     53.48% |        9526      3.11%     56.59% |        9514      3.11%     59.70% |        9494      3.10%     62.80% |        9489      3.10%     65.90% |        9556      3.12%     69.02% |        9517      3.11%     72.13% |        9447      3.09%     75.21% |        9506      3.10%     78.32% |        9544      3.12%     81.43% |        9517      3.11%     84.54% |        9460      3.09%     87.63% |        9481      3.10%     90.73% |        9446      3.08%     93.81% |        9464      3.09%     96.90% |        9479      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       306203                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9950      3.64%      3.64% |        8545      3.13%      6.76% |        8612      3.15%      9.91% |        8505      3.11%     13.02% |        8492      3.11%     16.13% |        8502      3.11%     19.24% |        8488      3.10%     22.34% |        8484      3.10%     25.45% |        8518      3.12%     28.56% |        8565      3.13%     31.69% |        8576      3.14%     34.83% |        8498      3.11%     37.94% |        8528      3.12%     41.06% |        8542      3.12%     44.18% |        8543      3.12%     47.30% |        8474      3.10%     50.40% |        8533      3.12%     53.52% |        8502      3.11%     56.63% |        8490      3.10%     59.74% |        8470      3.10%     62.84% |        8465      3.10%     65.93% |        8532      3.12%     69.05% |        8493      3.11%     72.16% |        8423      3.08%     75.24% |        8482      3.10%     78.34% |        8520      3.12%     81.46% |        8493      3.11%     84.56% |        8436      3.09%     87.65% |        8457      3.09%     90.74% |        8422      3.08%     93.82% |        8440      3.09%     96.91% |        8455      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       273435                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        6615      3.21%      3.21% |        6419      3.12%      6.33% |        6411      3.11%      9.44% |        6375      3.10%     12.54% |        6573      3.19%     15.73% |        6419      3.12%     18.85% |        6398      3.11%     21.96% |        6389      3.10%     25.06% |        6552      3.18%     28.24% |        6418      3.12%     31.36% |        6418      3.12%     34.47% |        6428      3.12%     37.60% |        6560      3.19%     40.78% |        6368      3.09%     43.87% |        6377      3.10%     46.97% |        6380      3.10%     50.07% |        6568      3.19%     53.26% |        6383      3.10%     56.36% |        6380      3.10%     59.46% |        6415      3.12%     62.57% |        6592      3.20%     65.77% |        6380      3.10%     68.87% |        6364      3.09%     71.96% |        6363      3.09%     75.05% |        6547      3.18%     78.23% |        6375      3.10%     81.33% |        6344      3.08%     84.41% |        6338      3.08%     87.49% |        6574      3.19%     90.68% |        6423      3.12%     93.80% |        6395      3.11%     96.90% |        6377      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total       205918                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         412      3.17%      3.17% |         407      3.13%      6.30% |         412      3.17%      9.48% |         403      3.10%     12.58% |         419      3.23%     15.80% |         412      3.17%     18.97% |         423      3.26%     22.23% |         414      3.19%     25.42% |         408      3.14%     28.56% |         397      3.06%     31.61% |         407      3.13%     34.74% |         416      3.20%     37.95% |         405      3.12%     41.06% |         396      3.05%     44.11% |         410      3.16%     47.27% |         408      3.14%     50.41% |         409      3.15%     53.56% |         394      3.03%     56.59% |         398      3.06%     59.65% |         399      3.07%     62.72% |         426      3.28%     66.00% |         392      3.02%     69.02% |         393      3.02%     72.04% |         392      3.02%     75.06% |         405      3.12%     78.18% |         401      3.09%     81.27% |         390      3.00%     84.27% |         402      3.09%     87.36% |         421      3.24%     90.60% |         422      3.25%     93.85% |         403      3.10%     96.95% |         396      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        12992                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         174      3.08%      3.08% |         173      3.07%      6.15% |         178      3.15%      9.30% |         178      3.15%     12.46% |         177      3.14%     15.59% |         177      3.14%     18.73% |         179      3.17%     21.90% |         180      3.19%     25.09% |         177      3.14%     28.22% |         179      3.17%     31.40% |         182      3.22%     34.62% |         178      3.15%     37.77% |         179      3.17%     40.95% |         179      3.17%     44.12% |         179      3.17%     47.29% |         181      3.21%     50.50% |         178      3.15%     53.65% |         178      3.15%     56.80% |         177      3.14%     59.94% |         175      3.10%     63.04% |         175      3.10%     66.14% |         174      3.08%     69.22% |         174      3.08%     72.31% |         173      3.07%     75.37% |         174      3.08%     78.45% |         173      3.07%     81.52% |         174      3.08%     84.60% |         174      3.08%     87.69% |         174      3.08%     90.77% |         175      3.10%     93.87% |         173      3.07%     96.93% |         173      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         5644                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         503      3.34%      3.34% |         458      3.04%      6.37% |         457      3.03%      9.40% |         449      2.98%     12.38% |         461      3.06%     15.44% |         475      3.15%     18.59% |         464      3.08%     21.67% |         464      3.08%     24.74% |         469      3.11%     27.85% |         479      3.18%     31.03% |         489      3.24%     34.27% |         477      3.16%     37.44% |         496      3.29%     40.73% |         500      3.32%     44.04% |         503      3.34%     47.38% |         490      3.25%     50.63% |         491      3.26%     53.88% |         475      3.15%     57.03% |         469      3.11%     60.14% |         445      2.95%     63.09% |         441      2.92%     66.02% |         473      3.14%     69.16% |         455      3.02%     72.17% |         450      2.98%     75.16% |         476      3.16%     78.31% |         484      3.21%     81.52% |         492      3.26%     84.79% |         459      3.04%     87.83% |         456      3.02%     90.85% |         455      3.02%     93.87% |         465      3.08%     96.96% |         459      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        15079                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        6964      3.19%      3.19% |        6818      3.12%      6.31% |        6812      3.12%      9.42% |        6769      3.10%     12.52% |        6985      3.20%     15.71% |        6826      3.12%     18.84% |        6816      3.12%     21.96% |        6796      3.11%     25.07% |        6951      3.18%     28.25% |        6806      3.11%     31.36% |        6818      3.12%     34.48% |        6838      3.13%     37.61% |        6956      3.18%     40.79% |        6760      3.09%     43.88% |        6782      3.10%     46.98% |        6783      3.10%     50.09% |        6971      3.19%     53.28% |        6770      3.10%     56.37% |        6771      3.10%     59.47% |        6804      3.11%     62.59% |        7006      3.21%     65.79% |        6758      3.09%     68.88% |        6745      3.09%     71.97% |        6743      3.08%     75.05% |        6941      3.18%     78.23% |        6766      3.10%     81.32% |        6722      3.08%     84.40% |        6728      3.08%     87.48% |        6981      3.19%     90.67% |        6836      3.13%     93.80% |        6785      3.10%     96.90% |        6768      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total       218575                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       58509      6.06%      6.06% |       30199      3.13%      9.18% |       28851      2.99%     12.17% |       29786      3.08%     15.25% |       29361      3.04%     18.29% |       28606      2.96%     21.26% |       28240      2.92%     24.18% |       28264      2.93%     27.11% |       28851      2.99%     30.09% |       29042      3.01%     33.10% |       30807      3.19%     36.29% |       31075      3.22%     39.51% |       29502      3.05%     42.56% |       28800      2.98%     45.54% |       27952      2.89%     48.44% |       28360      2.94%     51.37% |       29660      3.07%     54.44% |       28798      2.98%     57.42% |       29162      3.02%     60.44% |       29183      3.02%     63.46% |       29217      3.02%     66.49% |       31258      3.24%     69.72% |       28737      2.98%     72.70% |       28435      2.94%     75.64% |       29257      3.03%     78.67% |       29268      3.03%     81.70% |       28796      2.98%     84.68% |       28767      2.98%     87.66% |       29036      3.01%     90.67% |       28511      2.95%     93.62% |       29613      3.07%     96.69% |       32018      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       965921                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.04%     11.04% |          52      3.12%     14.17% |          48      2.88%     17.05% |          48      2.88%     19.93% |          48      2.88%     22.81% |          48      2.88%     25.69% |          48      2.88%     28.57% |          48      2.88%     31.45% |          48      2.88%     34.33% |          48      2.88%     37.21% |          46      2.76%     39.98% |          46      2.76%     42.74% |          46      2.76%     45.50% |          46      2.76%     48.26% |          46      2.76%     51.02% |          46      2.76%     53.78% |          46      2.76%     56.54% |          48      2.88%     59.42% |          48      2.88%     62.30% |          48      2.88%     65.19% |          48      2.88%     68.07% |          50      3.00%     71.07% |          48      2.88%     73.95% |          46      2.76%     76.71% |          48      2.88%     79.59% |          50      3.00%     82.59% |          50      3.00%     85.59% |          46      2.76%     88.36% |          46      2.76%     91.12% |          48      2.88%     94.00% |          50      3.00%     97.00% |          50      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1666                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         411      3.26%      3.26% |         375      2.97%      6.23% |         382      3.03%      9.26% |         374      2.96%     12.22% |         382      3.03%     15.25% |         385      3.05%     18.30% |         381      3.02%     21.32% |         386      3.06%     24.38% |         390      3.09%     27.47% |         406      3.22%     30.68% |         408      3.23%     33.92% |         398      3.15%     37.07% |         419      3.32%     40.39% |         421      3.34%     43.73% |         422      3.34%     47.07% |         413      3.27%     50.34% |         418      3.31%     53.66% |         404      3.20%     56.86% |         394      3.12%     59.98% |         371      2.94%     62.92% |         362      2.87%     65.79% |         392      3.11%     68.90% |         378      3.00%     71.89% |         376      2.98%     74.87% |         402      3.19%     78.06% |         412      3.26%     81.32% |         419      3.32%     84.64% |         390      3.09%     87.73% |         392      3.11%     90.84% |         384      3.04%     93.88% |         396      3.14%     97.02% |         376      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12619                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5287      4.13%      4.13% |        4022      3.15%      7.28% |        4080      3.19%     10.47% |        3978      3.11%     13.58% |        3976      3.11%     16.69% |        3967      3.10%     19.79% |        3970      3.10%     22.90% |        3963      3.10%     26.00% |        3971      3.11%     29.10% |        4001      3.13%     32.23% |        4024      3.15%     35.38% |        3930      3.07%     38.45% |        3952      3.09%     41.54% |        3962      3.10%     44.64% |        3968      3.10%     47.75% |        3922      3.07%     50.81% |        3961      3.10%     53.91% |        3940      3.08%     56.99% |        3940      3.08%     60.07% |        3941      3.08%     63.16% |        3947      3.09%     66.24% |        3965      3.10%     69.34% |        3967      3.10%     72.45% |        3902      3.05%     75.50% |        3929      3.07%     78.57% |        3954      3.09%     81.66% |        3915      3.06%     84.73% |        3896      3.05%     87.77% |        3917      3.06%     90.84% |        3891      3.04%     93.88% |        3885      3.04%     96.92% |        3942      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       127865                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        5276      3.18%      3.18% |        5172      3.12%      6.30% |        5174      3.12%      9.43% |        5177      3.12%     12.55% |        5158      3.11%     15.66% |        5174      3.12%     18.79% |        5161      3.11%     21.90% |        5159      3.11%     25.01% |        5181      3.13%     28.14% |        5182      3.13%     31.27% |        5168      3.12%     34.38% |        5194      3.13%     37.52% |        5181      3.13%     40.64% |        5183      3.13%     43.77% |        5177      3.12%     46.90% |        5163      3.12%     50.01% |        5179      3.13%     53.14% |        5182      3.13%     56.26% |        5180      3.13%     59.39% |        5182      3.13%     62.52% |        5180      3.13%     65.64% |        5199      3.14%     68.78% |        5172      3.12%     71.90% |        5169      3.12%     75.02% |        5175      3.12%     78.14% |        5178      3.12%     81.27% |        5183      3.13%     84.39% |        5175      3.12%     87.52% |        5172      3.12%     90.64% |        5171      3.12%     93.76% |        5183      3.13%     96.89% |        5161      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       165721                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3412      3.09%      3.09% |        3394      3.07%      6.16% |        3091      2.80%      8.96% |        3111      2.82%     11.77% |        3151      2.85%     14.63% |        3653      3.31%     17.93% |        3330      3.01%     20.95% |        2908      2.63%     23.58% |        3145      2.85%     26.42% |        4724      4.28%     30.70% |        3471      3.14%     33.84% |        3384      3.06%     36.91% |        3122      2.83%     39.73% |        3851      3.49%     43.22% |        3439      3.11%     46.33% |        3360      3.04%     49.37% |        3669      3.32%     52.69% |        3706      3.35%     56.05% |        3200      2.90%     58.94% |        2906      2.63%     61.57% |        2698      2.44%     64.01% |        3257      2.95%     66.96% |        3120      2.82%     69.79% |        3012      2.73%     72.51% |        3200      2.90%     75.41% |        3223      2.92%     78.33% |        2830      2.56%     80.89% |        4145      3.75%     84.64% |        3522      3.19%     87.83% |        4765      4.31%     92.14% |        4606      4.17%     96.31% |        4078      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110483                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        3115      3.12%      3.12% |        3066      3.07%      6.19% |        3196      3.20%      9.39% |        3166      3.17%     12.57% |        3191      3.20%     15.76% |        3164      3.17%     18.93% |        3203      3.21%     22.14% |        3126      3.13%     25.27% |        3184      3.19%     28.46% |        3142      3.15%     31.61% |        3164      3.17%     34.78% |        3112      3.12%     37.90% |        3155      3.16%     41.06% |        3130      3.14%     44.20% |        3143      3.15%     47.34% |        3140      3.15%     50.49% |        3164      3.17%     53.66% |        3096      3.10%     56.76% |        3162      3.17%     59.93% |        3036      3.04%     62.97% |        3109      3.11%     66.09% |        3067      3.07%     69.16% |        3103      3.11%     72.27% |        3023      3.03%     75.30% |        3146      3.15%     78.45% |        3060      3.07%     81.51% |        3146      3.15%     84.66% |        3058      3.06%     87.73% |        3097      3.10%     90.83% |        3022      3.03%     93.86% |        3063      3.07%     96.93% |        3067      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        99816                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |        1275      3.25%      3.25% |        1292      3.29%      6.54% |        1218      3.10%      9.64% |        1205      3.07%     12.71% |        1276      3.25%     15.96% |        1250      3.18%     19.14% |        1248      3.18%     22.32% |        1221      3.11%     25.43% |        1221      3.11%     28.54% |        1229      3.13%     31.67% |        1261      3.21%     34.88% |        1228      3.13%     38.01% |        1214      3.09%     41.10% |        1210      3.08%     44.18% |        1226      3.12%     47.30% |        1217      3.10%     50.40% |        1228      3.13%     53.53% |        1205      3.07%     56.60% |        1220      3.11%     59.71% |        1223      3.11%     62.82% |        1232      3.14%     65.96% |        1200      3.06%     69.01% |        1213      3.09%     72.10% |        1197      3.05%     75.15% |        1232      3.14%     78.29% |        1214      3.09%     81.38% |        1183      3.01%     84.39% |        1199      3.05%     87.45% |        1271      3.24%     90.68% |        1242      3.16%     93.85% |        1196      3.05%     96.89% |        1220      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total        39266                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |        5671      3.17%      3.17% |        5508      3.08%      6.25% |        5577      3.12%      9.37% |        5548      3.10%     12.47% |        5688      3.18%     15.65% |        5557      3.11%     18.76% |        5547      3.10%     21.86% |        5556      3.11%     24.97% |        5714      3.20%     28.17% |        5561      3.11%     31.28% |        5527      3.09%     34.37% |        5591      3.13%     37.49% |        5731      3.20%     40.70% |        5531      3.09%     43.79% |        5538      3.10%     46.89% |        5551      3.10%     49.99% |        5733      3.21%     53.20% |        5554      3.11%     56.30% |        5550      3.10%     59.41% |        5568      3.11%     62.52% |        5756      3.22%     65.74% |        5552      3.10%     68.85% |        5515      3.08%     71.93% |        5535      3.10%     75.02% |        5694      3.18%     78.21% |        5548      3.10%     81.31% |        5533      3.09%     84.41% |        5515      3.08%     87.49% |        5696      3.19%     90.67% |        5570      3.11%     93.79% |        5575      3.12%     96.91% |        5530      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total       178820                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      1.54%      1.54% |           2      3.08%      4.62% |          11     16.92%     21.54% |           1      1.54%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           3      4.62%     27.69% |           3      4.62%     32.31% |           3      4.62%     36.92% |           1      1.54%     38.46% |           3      4.62%     43.08% |          18     27.69%     70.77% |           1      1.54%     72.31% |           2      3.08%     75.38% |           2      3.08%     78.46% |           3      4.62%     83.08% |           2      3.08%     86.15% |           2      3.08%     89.23% |           1      1.54%     90.77% |           1      1.54%     92.31% |           1      1.54%     93.85% |           1      1.54%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           1      1.54%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         468      3.25%      3.25% |         434      3.02%      6.27% |         427      2.97%      9.24% |         431      3.00%     12.23% |         441      3.07%     15.30% |         443      3.08%     18.38% |         439      3.05%     21.43% |         444      3.09%     24.52% |         447      3.11%     27.62% |         459      3.19%     30.81% |         451      3.13%     33.95% |         456      3.17%     37.12% |         475      3.30%     40.42% |         477      3.32%     43.73% |         479      3.33%     47.06% |         469      3.26%     50.32% |         471      3.27%     53.60% |         457      3.18%     56.77% |         452      3.14%     59.92% |         424      2.95%     62.86% |         417      2.90%     65.76% |         443      3.08%     68.84% |         436      3.03%     71.87% |         434      3.02%     74.89% |         462      3.21%     78.10% |         469      3.26%     81.36% |         477      3.32%     84.67% |         443      3.08%     87.75% |         442      3.07%     90.83% |         439      3.05%     93.88% |         450      3.13%     97.00% |         431      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        14387                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.65%      4.65% |           7      8.14%     12.79% |           5      5.81%     18.60% |           4      4.65%     23.26% |           1      1.16%     24.42% |           7      8.14%     32.56% |           2      2.33%     34.88% |           1      1.16%     36.05% |           1      1.16%     37.21% |           2      2.33%     39.53% |           2      2.33%     41.86% |           1      1.16%     43.02% |           4      4.65%     47.67% |           1      1.16%     48.84% |           4      4.65%     53.49% |           0      0.00%     53.49% |           1      1.16%     54.65% |           2      2.33%     56.98% |          13     15.12%     72.09% |           4      4.65%     76.74% |           2      2.33%     79.07% |           1      1.16%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           2      2.33%     84.88% |           4      4.65%     89.53% |           1      1.16%     90.70% |           2      2.33%     93.02% |           0      0.00%     93.02% |           3      3.49%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       29112     21.39%     21.39% |        4176      3.07%     24.46% |        3103      2.28%     26.74% |        3946      2.90%     29.64% |        3273      2.41%     32.04% |        3007      2.21%     34.25% |        2793      2.05%     36.31% |        2803      2.06%     38.37% |        2847      2.09%     40.46% |        3401      2.50%     42.96% |        5150      3.78%     46.74% |        4979      3.66%     50.40% |        3643      2.68%     53.08% |        3346      2.46%     55.54% |        2535      1.86%     57.40% |        2898      2.13%     59.53% |        3721      2.73%     62.26% |        3286      2.41%     64.68% |        3453      2.54%     67.21% |        3418      2.51%     69.73% |        3260      2.40%     72.12% |        4624      3.40%     75.52% |        3093      2.27%     77.79% |        2877      2.11%     79.91% |        3041      2.23%     82.14% |        3542      2.60%     84.74% |        3085      2.27%     87.01% |        2701      1.98%     88.99% |        3026      2.22%     91.22% |        2787      2.05%     93.27% |        3333      2.45%     95.72% |        5831      4.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       136090                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        3473      6.26%      6.26% |        1855      3.34%      9.60% |        1544      2.78%     12.39% |        1723      3.11%     15.49% |        1638      2.95%     18.44% |        1531      2.76%     21.20% |        1374      2.48%     23.68% |        1412      2.54%     26.22% |        1547      2.79%     29.01% |        1523      2.74%     31.76% |        1512      2.73%     34.48% |        2033      3.66%     38.14% |        1462      2.63%     40.78% |        1376      2.48%     43.26% |        1351      2.43%     45.69% |        1443      2.60%     48.30% |        1523      2.74%     51.04% |        1479      2.67%     53.71% |        1654      2.98%     56.69% |        1727      3.11%     59.80% |        1537      2.77%     62.57% |        2584      4.66%     67.23% |        1601      2.89%     70.11% |        1563      2.82%     72.93% |        1820      3.28%     76.21% |        1681      3.03%     79.24% |        1701      3.07%     82.30% |        2081      3.75%     86.05% |        1622      2.92%     88.98% |        1707      3.08%     92.05% |        2275      4.10%     96.15% |        2134      3.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        55486                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        8032      3.67%      3.67% |        6807      3.11%      6.77% |        6836      3.12%      9.89% |        6802      3.10%     13.00% |        6788      3.10%     16.10% |        6796      3.10%     19.20% |        6787      3.10%     22.30% |        6798      3.10%     25.40% |        6815      3.11%     28.51% |        6821      3.11%     31.62% |        6839      3.12%     34.75% |        6823      3.11%     37.86% |        6804      3.11%     40.97% |        6827      3.12%     44.08% |        6811      3.11%     47.19% |        6797      3.10%     50.29% |        6841      3.12%     53.42% |        6826      3.12%     56.53% |        6824      3.11%     59.65% |        6818      3.11%     62.76% |        6807      3.11%     65.87% |        6850      3.13%     68.99% |        6830      3.12%     72.11% |        6778      3.09%     75.21% |        6795      3.10%     78.31% |        6807      3.11%     81.41% |        6789      3.10%     84.51% |        6783      3.10%     87.61% |        6777      3.09%     90.70% |        6769      3.09%     93.79% |        6785      3.10%     96.89% |        6812      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       219074                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        1316      3.45%      3.45% |        1246      3.26%      6.71% |        1284      3.36%     10.08% |        1221      3.20%     13.27% |        1212      3.18%     16.45% |        1202      3.15%     19.60% |        1208      3.16%     22.76% |        1191      3.12%     25.88% |        1201      3.15%     29.03% |        1232      3.23%     32.26% |        1218      3.19%     35.45% |        1169      3.06%     38.51% |        1196      3.13%     41.64% |        1188      3.11%     44.76% |        1201      3.15%     47.90% |        1159      3.04%     50.94% |        1173      3.07%     54.01% |        1170      3.07%     57.08% |        1166      3.05%     60.13% |        1173      3.07%     63.20% |        1181      3.09%     66.30% |        1170      3.07%     69.36% |        1172      3.07%     72.43% |        1160      3.04%     75.47% |        1176      3.08%     78.55% |        1194      3.13%     81.68% |        1175      3.08%     84.76% |        1160      3.04%     87.80% |        1187      3.11%     90.91% |        1165      3.05%     93.96% |        1152      3.02%     96.98% |        1154      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        38172                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        6964      3.19%      3.19% |        6818      3.12%      6.31% |        6812      3.12%      9.42% |        6769      3.10%     12.52% |        6985      3.20%     15.71% |        6826      3.12%     18.84% |        6816      3.12%     21.96% |        6796      3.11%     25.07% |        6951      3.18%     28.25% |        6806      3.11%     31.36% |        6818      3.12%     34.48% |        6838      3.13%     37.61% |        6956      3.18%     40.79% |        6760      3.09%     43.88% |        6782      3.10%     46.98% |        6783      3.10%     50.09% |        6971      3.19%     53.28% |        6770      3.10%     56.37% |        6771      3.10%     59.47% |        6804      3.11%     62.59% |        7006      3.21%     65.79% |        6758      3.09%     68.88% |        6745      3.09%     71.97% |        6743      3.08%     75.05% |        6941      3.18%     78.23% |        6766      3.10%     81.32% |        6722      3.08%     84.40% |        6728      3.08%     87.48% |        6981      3.19%     90.67% |        6836      3.13%     93.80% |        6785      3.10%     96.90% |        6768      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total       218575                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |        8453      3.20%      3.20% |        8211      3.11%      6.31% |        8193      3.10%      9.41% |        8250      3.12%     12.54% |        8390      3.18%     15.72% |        8158      3.09%     18.81% |        8187      3.10%     21.91% |        8193      3.10%     25.01% |        8414      3.19%     28.20% |        8188      3.10%     31.30% |        8197      3.10%     34.40% |        8161      3.09%     37.49% |        8366      3.17%     40.66% |        8234      3.12%     43.78% |        8197      3.10%     46.88% |        8213      3.11%     49.99% |        8365      3.17%     53.16% |        8200      3.11%     56.27% |        8213      3.11%     59.38% |        8167      3.09%     62.47% |        8345      3.16%     65.63% |        8186      3.10%     68.73% |        8217      3.11%     71.84% |        8239      3.12%     74.96% |        8408      3.18%     78.15% |        8205      3.11%     81.26% |        8247      3.12%     84.38% |        8244      3.12%     87.50% |        8373      3.17%     90.67% |        8177      3.10%     93.77% |        8210      3.11%     96.88% |        8240      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total       264041                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       42920      8.94%      8.94% |       15071      3.14%     12.08% |       13745      2.86%     14.94% |       14672      3.06%     18.00% |       13891      2.89%     20.89% |       13516      2.81%     23.70% |       13144      2.74%     26.44% |       13183      2.75%     29.19% |       13386      2.79%     31.98% |       13952      2.91%     34.88% |       15695      3.27%     38.15% |       15983      3.33%     41.48% |       14086      2.93%     44.41% |       13714      2.86%     47.27% |       12879      2.68%     49.95% |       13274      2.76%     52.72% |       14234      2.96%     55.68% |       13737      2.86%     58.54% |       14087      2.93%     61.47% |       14114      2.94%     64.41% |       13759      2.87%     67.28% |       16200      3.37%     70.65% |       13675      2.85%     73.50% |       13358      2.78%     76.28% |       13816      2.88%     79.16% |       14205      2.96%     82.12% |       13732      2.86%     84.98% |       13700      2.85%     87.83% |       13589      2.83%     90.66% |       13406      2.79%     93.46% |       14521      3.02%     96.48% |       16904      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       480148                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           6      5.26%      5.26% |           8      7.02%     12.28% |           8      7.02%     19.30% |           3      2.63%     21.93% |           2      1.75%     23.68% |           5      4.39%     28.07% |           0      0.00%     28.07% |           0      0.00%     28.07% |           4      3.51%     31.58% |           5      4.39%     35.96% |           3      2.63%     38.60% |           5      4.39%     42.98% |           3      2.63%     45.61% |           1      0.88%     46.49% |           3      2.63%     49.12% |           1      0.88%     50.00% |           2      1.75%     51.75% |           1      0.88%     52.63% |           3      2.63%     55.26% |           3      2.63%     57.89% |           5      4.39%     62.28% |           7      6.14%     68.42% |           4      3.51%     71.93% |           2      1.75%     73.68% |           4      3.51%     77.19% |           3      2.63%     79.82% |           4      3.51%     83.33% |           3      2.63%     85.96% |           5      4.39%     90.35% |           3      2.63%     92.98% |           3      2.63%     95.61% |           5      4.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          114                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          35      4.42%      4.42% |          22      2.78%      7.20% |          22      2.78%      9.97% |          23      2.90%     12.88% |          25      3.16%     16.04% |          29      3.66%     19.70% |          27      3.41%     23.11% |          24      3.03%     26.14% |          26      3.28%     29.42% |          21      2.65%     32.07% |          24      3.03%     35.10% |          21      2.65%     37.75% |          25      3.16%     40.91% |          24      3.03%     43.94% |          23      2.90%     46.84% |          23      2.90%     49.75% |          22      2.78%     52.53% |          23      2.90%     55.43% |          20      2.53%     57.95% |          27      3.41%     61.36% |          30      3.79%     65.15% |          36      4.55%     69.70% |          27      3.41%     73.11% |          26      3.28%     76.39% |          21      2.65%     79.04% |          22      2.78%     81.82% |          23      2.90%     84.72% |          25      3.16%     87.88% |          22      2.78%     90.66% |          21      2.65%     93.31% |          25      3.16%     96.46% |          28      3.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total          792                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     28.57%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           2     28.57%     57.14% |           2     28.57%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9950      3.64%      3.64% |        8545      3.13%      6.76% |        8612      3.15%      9.91% |        8505      3.11%     13.02% |        8492      3.11%     16.13% |        8502      3.11%     19.24% |        8488      3.10%     22.34% |        8484      3.10%     25.45% |        8518      3.12%     28.56% |        8565      3.13%     31.69% |        8576      3.14%     34.83% |        8498      3.11%     37.94% |        8528      3.12%     41.06% |        8542      3.12%     44.18% |        8543      3.12%     47.30% |        8474      3.10%     50.40% |        8533      3.12%     53.52% |        8502      3.11%     56.63% |        8490      3.10%     59.74% |        8470      3.10%     62.84% |        8465      3.10%     65.93% |        8532      3.12%     69.05% |        8493      3.11%     72.16% |        8423      3.08%     75.24% |        8482      3.10%     78.34% |        8520      3.12%     81.46% |        8493      3.11%     84.56% |        8436      3.09%     87.65% |        8457      3.09%     90.74% |        8422      3.08%     93.82% |        8440      3.09%     96.91% |        8455      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       273435                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          58     46.77%     46.77% |           6      4.84%     51.61% |           5      4.03%     55.65% |           3      2.42%     58.06% |           1      0.81%     58.87% |           0      0.00%     58.87% |           0      0.00%     58.87% |           0      0.00%     58.87% |           1      0.81%     59.68% |           3      2.42%     62.10% |           2      1.61%     63.71% |           3      2.42%     66.13% |           2      1.61%     67.74% |           0      0.00%     67.74% |           1      0.81%     68.55% |           0      0.00%     68.55% |           1      0.81%     69.35% |           1      0.81%     70.16% |           2      1.61%     71.77% |           1      0.81%     72.58% |           3      2.42%     75.00% |           3      2.42%     77.42% |           3      2.42%     79.84% |           1      0.81%     80.65% |           3      2.42%     83.06% |           2      1.61%     84.68% |           3      2.42%     87.10% |           3      2.42%     89.52% |           5      4.03%     93.55% |           3      2.42%     95.97% |           3      2.42%     98.39% |           2      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          124                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           4      8.70%      8.70% |           2      4.35%     13.04% |           3      6.52%     19.57% |           0      0.00%     19.57% |           1      2.17%     21.74% |           5     10.87%     32.61% |           0      0.00%     32.61% |           0      0.00%     32.61% |           3      6.52%     39.13% |           2      4.35%     43.48% |           1      2.17%     45.65% |           2      4.35%     50.00% |           1      2.17%     52.17% |           1      2.17%     54.35% |           2      4.35%     58.70% |           1      2.17%     60.87% |           1      2.17%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           1      2.17%     65.22% |           2      4.35%     69.57% |           2      4.35%     73.91% |           4      8.70%     82.61% |           1      2.17%     84.78% |           1      2.17%     86.96% |           1      2.17%     89.13% |           1      2.17%     91.30% |           1      2.17%     93.48% |           0      0.00%     93.48% |           0      0.00%     93.48% |           0      0.00%     93.48% |           0      0.00%     93.48% |           3      6.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           46                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           5      2.38%      2.38% |           2      0.95%      3.33% |           6      2.86%      6.19% |           6      2.86%      9.05% |           6      2.86%     11.90% |           5      2.38%     14.29% |           5      2.38%     16.67% |           7      3.33%     20.00% |           8      3.81%     23.81% |           6      2.86%     26.67% |           5      2.38%     29.05% |           3      1.43%     30.48% |           7      3.33%     33.81% |           4      1.90%     35.71% |           4      1.90%     37.62% |           5      2.38%     40.00% |           5      2.38%     42.38% |           6      2.86%     45.24% |           5      2.38%     47.62% |           9      4.29%     51.90% |           9      4.29%     56.19% |          11      5.24%     61.43% |           9      4.29%     65.71% |          11      5.24%     70.95% |           8      3.81%     74.76% |           8      3.81%     78.57% |           9      4.29%     82.86% |           9      4.29%     87.14% |           9      4.29%     91.43% |           6      2.86%     94.29% |          10      4.76%     99.05% |           2      0.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          210                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          30      5.16%      5.16% |          20      3.44%      8.61% |          16      2.75%     11.36% |          17      2.93%     14.29% |          19      3.27%     17.56% |          24      4.13%     21.69% |          22      3.79%     25.47% |          17      2.93%     28.40% |          18      3.10%     31.50% |          15      2.58%     34.08% |          19      3.27%     37.35% |          18      3.10%     40.45% |          18      3.10%     43.55% |          20      3.44%     46.99% |          19      3.27%     50.26% |          18      3.10%     53.36% |          17      2.93%     56.28% |          17      2.93%     59.21% |          15      2.58%     61.79% |          18      3.10%     64.89% |          21      3.61%     68.50% |          25      4.30%     72.81% |          18      3.10%     75.90% |          15      2.58%     78.49% |          13      2.24%     80.72% |          14      2.41%     83.13% |          14      2.41%     85.54% |          16      2.75%     88.30% |          13      2.24%     90.53% |          15      2.58%     93.12% |          15      2.58%     95.70% |          25      4.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total          581                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         174      3.14%      3.14% |         173      3.12%      6.26% |         150      2.71%      8.97% |         177      3.19%     12.16% |         177      3.19%     15.36% |         177      3.19%     18.55% |         177      3.19%     21.75% |         177      3.19%     24.94% |         176      3.18%     28.12% |         177      3.19%     31.31% |         132      2.38%     33.69% |         177      3.19%     36.89% |         177      3.19%     40.08% |         177      3.19%     43.28% |         177      3.19%     46.47% |         179      3.23%     49.70% |         176      3.18%     52.88% |         177      3.19%     56.07% |         176      3.18%     59.25% |         174      3.14%     62.39% |         174      3.14%     65.53% |         174      3.14%     68.67% |         174      3.14%     71.81% |         173      3.12%     74.93% |         174      3.14%     78.07% |         173      3.12%     81.19% |         174      3.14%     84.33% |         174      3.14%     87.48% |         174      3.14%     90.62% |         174      3.14%     93.76% |         173      3.12%     96.88% |         173      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total         5541                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         468      3.25%      3.25% |         434      3.02%      6.27% |         427      2.97%      9.24% |         431      3.00%     12.23% |         441      3.07%     15.30% |         443      3.08%     18.38% |         439      3.05%     21.43% |         444      3.09%     24.52% |         447      3.11%     27.62% |         459      3.19%     30.81% |         451      3.13%     33.95% |         456      3.17%     37.12% |         475      3.30%     40.42% |         477      3.32%     43.73% |         479      3.33%     47.06% |         469      3.26%     50.32% |         471      3.27%     53.60% |         457      3.18%     56.77% |         452      3.14%     59.92% |         424      2.95%     62.86% |         417      2.90%     65.76% |         443      3.08%     68.84% |         436      3.03%     71.87% |         434      3.02%     74.89% |         462      3.21%     78.10% |         469      3.26%     81.36% |         477      3.32%     84.67% |         443      3.08%     87.75% |         442      3.07%     90.83% |         439      3.05%     93.88% |         450      3.13%     97.00% |         431      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        14387                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          28     27.18%     27.18% |           1      0.97%     28.16% |           0      0.00%     28.16% |           0      0.00%     28.16% |           2      1.94%     30.10% |           3      2.91%     33.01% |           1      0.97%     33.98% |           2      1.94%     35.92% |          50     48.54%     84.47% |           1      0.97%     85.44% |           2      1.94%     87.38% |           2      1.94%     89.32% |           2      1.94%     91.26% |           2      1.94%     93.20% |           2      1.94%     95.15% |           1      0.97%     96.12% |           1      0.97%     97.09% |           1      0.97%     98.06% |           1      0.97%     99.03% |           0      0.00%     99.03% |           0      0.00%     99.03% |           0      0.00%     99.03% |           0      0.00%     99.03% |           0      0.00%     99.03% |           0      0.00%     99.03% |           0      0.00%     99.03% |           0      0.00%     99.03% |           1      0.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          103                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      1.54%      1.54% |           2      3.08%      4.62% |          11     16.92%     21.54% |           1      1.54%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           3      4.62%     27.69% |           3      4.62%     32.31% |           3      4.62%     36.92% |           1      1.54%     38.46% |           3      4.62%     43.08% |          18     27.69%     70.77% |           1      1.54%     72.31% |           2      3.08%     75.38% |           2      3.08%     78.46% |           3      4.62%     83.08% |           2      3.08%     86.15% |           2      3.08%     89.23% |           1      1.54%     90.77% |           1      1.54%     92.31% |           1      1.54%     93.85% |           1      1.54%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           1      1.54%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |          38      2.78%      2.78% |          37      2.70%      5.48% |          38      2.78%      8.26% |          41      3.00%     11.26% |          38      2.78%     14.04% |          38      2.78%     16.81% |          40      2.92%     19.74% |          43      3.14%     22.88% |          44      3.22%     26.10% |          43      3.14%     29.24% |          32      2.34%     31.58% |          41      3.00%     34.58% |          47      3.44%     38.01% |          42      3.07%     41.08% |          40      2.92%     44.01% |          47      3.44%     47.44% |          50      3.65%     51.10% |          48      3.51%     54.61% |          48      3.51%     58.11% |          43      3.14%     61.26% |          40      2.92%     64.18% |          52      3.80%     67.98% |          41      3.00%     70.98% |          47      3.44%     74.42% |          42      3.07%     77.49% |          54      3.95%     81.43% |          51      3.73%     85.16% |          44      3.22%     88.38% |          41      3.00%     91.37% |          34      2.49%     93.86% |          44      3.22%     97.08% |          40      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total         1368                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5249      4.15%      4.15% |        3985      3.15%      7.30% |        4042      3.20%     10.50% |        3937      3.11%     13.61% |        3938      3.11%     16.72% |        3929      3.11%     19.83% |        3930      3.11%     22.93% |        3920      3.10%     26.03% |        3927      3.10%     29.14% |        3958      3.13%     32.27% |        3992      3.16%     35.42% |        3889      3.07%     38.50% |        3905      3.09%     41.58% |        3920      3.10%     44.68% |        3928      3.11%     47.79% |        3875      3.06%     50.85% |        3911      3.09%     53.94% |        3892      3.08%     57.02% |        3892      3.08%     60.10% |        3898      3.08%     63.18% |        3907      3.09%     66.27% |        3913      3.09%     69.36% |        3926      3.10%     72.46% |        3855      3.05%     75.51% |        3887      3.07%     78.58% |        3900      3.08%     81.67% |        3864      3.05%     84.72% |        3852      3.05%     87.77% |        3876      3.06%     90.83% |        3857      3.05%     93.88% |        3841      3.04%     96.92% |        3902      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       126497                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         449      3.21%      3.21% |         412      2.95%      6.16% |         420      3.00%      9.16% |         415      2.97%     12.13% |         420      3.00%     15.13% |         423      3.02%     18.16% |         421      3.01%     21.17% |         429      3.07%     24.23% |         434      3.10%     27.34% |         449      3.21%     30.55% |         440      3.15%     33.69% |         439      3.14%     36.83% |         466      3.33%     40.16% |         463      3.31%     43.48% |         462      3.30%     46.78% |         460      3.29%     50.07% |         467      3.34%     53.41% |         452      3.23%     56.64% |         442      3.16%     59.80% |         414      2.96%     62.76% |         402      2.87%     65.63% |         444      3.17%     68.81% |         419      3.00%     71.81% |         423      3.02%     74.83% |         444      3.17%     78.01% |         466      3.33%     81.34% |         470      3.36%     84.70% |         433      3.10%     87.79% |         433      3.10%     90.89% |         418      2.99%     93.88% |         440      3.15%     97.03% |         416      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13985                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        5276      3.18%      3.18% |        5172      3.12%      6.30% |        5174      3.12%      9.43% |        5177      3.12%     12.55% |        5158      3.11%     15.66% |        5174      3.12%     18.79% |        5161      3.11%     21.90% |        5159      3.11%     25.01% |        5181      3.13%     28.14% |        5182      3.13%     31.27% |        5168      3.12%     34.38% |        5194      3.13%     37.52% |        5181      3.13%     40.64% |        5183      3.13%     43.77% |        5177      3.12%     46.90% |        5163      3.12%     50.01% |        5179      3.13%     53.14% |        5182      3.13%     56.26% |        5180      3.13%     59.39% |        5182      3.13%     62.52% |        5180      3.13%     65.64% |        5199      3.14%     68.78% |        5172      3.12%     71.90% |        5169      3.12%     75.02% |        5175      3.12%     78.14% |        5178      3.12%     81.27% |        5183      3.13%     84.39% |        5175      3.12%     87.52% |        5172      3.12%     90.64% |        5171      3.12%     93.76% |        5183      3.13%     96.89% |        5161      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       165721                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS |          66      3.04%      3.04% |          62      2.86%      5.90% |          46      2.12%      8.02% |          70      3.23%     11.24% |          57      2.63%     13.87% |          69      3.18%     17.05% |          57      2.63%     19.68% |          51      2.35%     22.03% |          60      2.76%     24.79% |          65      3.00%     27.79% |          66      3.04%     30.83% |          67      3.09%     33.92% |          62      2.86%     36.77% |          60      2.76%     39.54% |          80      3.69%     43.23% |          63      2.90%     46.13% |          57      2.63%     48.76% |          80      3.69%     52.44% |          81      3.73%     56.18% |          87      4.01%     60.18% |          67      3.09%     63.27% |          78      3.59%     66.87% |          78      3.59%     70.46% |          89      4.10%     74.56% |          74      3.41%     77.97% |          63      2.90%     80.88% |          92      4.24%     85.12% |          70      3.23%     88.34% |          68      3.13%     91.47% |          62      2.86%     94.33% |          61      2.81%     97.14% |          62      2.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS::total         2170                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX |          54      1.61%      1.61% |          62      1.85%      3.46% |          65      1.94%      5.40% |          68      2.03%      7.43% |          38      1.13%      8.56% |          70      2.09%     10.65% |          76      2.27%     12.92% |          92      2.74%     15.66% |          80      2.39%     18.05% |          61      1.82%     19.87% |         114      3.40%     23.27% |         121      3.61%     26.88% |         125      3.73%     30.61% |         130      3.88%     34.49% |         133      3.97%     38.45% |         125      3.73%     42.18% |          99      2.95%     45.14% |         107      3.19%     48.33% |         129      3.85%     52.18% |         142      4.24%     56.41% |         125      3.73%     60.14% |         122      3.64%     63.78% |         151      4.50%     68.29% |         163      4.86%     73.15% |         135      4.03%     77.18% |         131      3.91%     81.09% |         170      5.07%     86.16% |         151      4.50%     90.66% |          51      1.52%     92.18% |          86      2.57%     94.75% |          83      2.48%     97.23% |          93      2.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX::total         3352                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE |         118      2.64%      2.64% |         112      2.50%      5.14% |         103      2.30%      7.44% |         131      2.93%     10.37% |         118      2.64%     13.01% |         118      2.64%     15.64% |         119      2.66%     18.30% |         124      2.77%     21.07% |         146      3.26%     24.34% |         123      2.75%     27.08% |         132      2.95%     30.03% |         114      2.55%     32.58% |         126      2.82%     35.40% |         129      2.88%     38.28% |         175      3.91%     42.19% |         144      3.22%     45.41% |         141      3.15%     48.56% |         122      2.73%     51.28% |         147      3.28%     54.57% |         176      3.93%     58.50% |         149      3.33%     61.83% |         154      3.44%     65.27% |         159      3.55%     68.83% |         244      5.45%     74.28% |         143      3.20%     77.47% |         166      3.71%     81.18% |         194      4.34%     85.52% |         207      4.63%     90.15% |          98      2.19%     92.34% |         107      2.39%     94.73% |         125      2.79%     97.52% |         111      2.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE::total         4475                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |        6946      3.18%      3.18% |        6800      3.12%      6.30% |        6795      3.12%      9.42% |        6753      3.10%     12.52% |        6964      3.19%     15.71% |        6807      3.12%     18.83% |        6795      3.12%     21.95% |        6777      3.11%     25.05% |        6935      3.18%     28.23% |        6790      3.11%     31.35% |        6788      3.11%     34.46% |        6819      3.13%     37.59% |        6945      3.18%     40.77% |        6741      3.09%     43.86% |        6764      3.10%     46.96% |        6768      3.10%     50.07% |        6961      3.19%     53.26% |        6759      3.10%     56.36% |        6770      3.10%     59.46% |        6791      3.11%     62.58% |        6988      3.20%     65.78% |        6752      3.10%     68.88% |        6728      3.09%     71.96% |        6732      3.09%     75.05% |        6926      3.18%     78.22% |        6762      3.10%     81.32% |        6716      3.08%     84.40% |        6714      3.08%     87.48% |        6967      3.19%     90.68% |        6812      3.12%     93.80% |        6771      3.10%     96.90% |        6750      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       218086                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |         134      2.46%      2.46% |         140      2.57%      5.02% |         140      2.57%      7.59% |         154      2.82%     10.41% |         137      2.51%     12.93% |         147      2.70%     15.62% |         157      2.88%     18.50% |         152      2.79%     21.29% |         191      3.50%     24.79% |         157      2.88%     27.67% |         207      3.80%     31.46% |         160      2.93%     34.40% |         171      3.14%     37.53% |         172      3.15%     40.69% |         190      3.48%     44.17% |         200      3.67%     47.84% |         164      3.01%     50.84% |         182      3.34%     54.18% |         162      2.97%     57.15% |         190      3.48%     60.63% |         180      3.30%     63.93% |         168      3.08%     67.02% |         172      3.15%     70.17% |         206      3.78%     73.95% |         199      3.65%     77.59% |         160      2.93%     80.53% |         227      4.16%     84.69% |         188      3.45%     88.14% |         169      3.10%     91.24% |         155      2.84%     94.08% |         148      2.71%     96.79% |         175      3.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         5454                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |          75      1.72%      1.72% |          80      1.84%      3.56% |          89      2.04%      5.60% |         103      2.36%      7.97% |          93      2.13%     10.10% |          96      2.20%     12.30% |          88      2.02%     14.33% |         118      2.71%     17.03% |         115      2.64%     19.67% |         109      2.50%     22.18% |         130      2.98%     25.16% |         146      3.35%     28.51% |         129      2.96%     31.47% |         160      3.67%     35.15% |         182      4.18%     39.33% |         147      3.37%     42.70% |         139      3.19%     45.89% |         146      3.35%     49.24% |         153      3.51%     52.75% |         196      4.50%     57.25% |         142      3.26%     60.51% |         165      3.79%     64.30% |         195      4.48%     68.78% |         227      5.21%     73.99% |         162      3.72%     77.71% |         184      4.22%     81.93% |         179      4.11%     86.04% |         210      4.82%     90.86% |          70      1.61%     92.47% |         106      2.43%     94.90% |          98      2.25%     97.15% |         124      2.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total         4356                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       51563      6.89%      6.89% |       23399      3.13%     10.02% |       22056      2.95%     12.97% |       23033      3.08%     16.05% |       22397      2.99%     19.05% |       21799      2.91%     21.96% |       21445      2.87%     24.83% |       21487      2.87%     27.70% |       21916      2.93%     30.63% |       22252      2.98%     33.61% |       24019      3.21%     36.82% |       24256      3.24%     40.07% |       22557      3.02%     43.08% |       22059      2.95%     46.03% |       21188      2.83%     48.86% |       21592      2.89%     51.75% |       22699      3.04%     54.79% |       22039      2.95%     57.73% |       22392      2.99%     60.73% |       22392      2.99%     63.72% |       22229      2.97%     66.70% |       24506      3.28%     69.97% |       22009      2.94%     72.92% |       21703      2.90%     75.82% |       22331      2.99%     78.80% |       22506      3.01%     81.81% |       22080      2.95%     84.77% |       22053      2.95%     87.71% |       22069      2.95%     90.67% |       21699      2.90%     93.57% |       22842      3.05%     96.62% |       25268      3.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       747835                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |          82      2.19%      2.19% |          64      1.71%      3.90% |          68      1.82%      5.72% |          74      1.98%      7.70% |          90      2.41%     10.11% |          87      2.33%     12.43% |          88      2.35%     14.79% |          81      2.17%     16.95% |          98      2.62%     19.57% |         121      3.24%     22.81% |         125      3.34%     26.15% |          96      2.57%     28.72% |         106      2.83%     31.55% |         131      3.50%     35.05% |         152      4.06%     39.12% |         126      3.37%     42.49% |         120      3.21%     45.70% |         112      2.99%     48.69% |         134      3.58%     52.27% |         160      4.28%     56.55% |         135      3.61%     60.16% |         135      3.61%     63.77% |         147      3.93%     67.70% |         197      5.27%     72.97% |         127      3.40%     76.36% |         146      3.90%     80.27% |         155      4.14%     84.41% |         185      4.95%     89.36% |          97      2.59%     91.95% |          85      2.27%     94.22% |         109      2.91%     97.14% |         107      2.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total         3740                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX |          54      2.52%      2.52% |          63      2.94%      5.45% |          39      1.82%      7.27% |          48      2.24%      9.51% |          56      2.61%     12.12% |          50      2.33%     14.45% |          78      3.64%     18.09% |          57      2.66%     20.75% |          53      2.47%     23.22% |          64      2.98%     26.20% |          80      3.73%     29.93% |          64      2.98%     32.91% |          59      2.75%     35.66% |          68      3.17%     38.83% |          97      4.52%     43.36% |          84      3.92%     47.27% |          65      3.03%     50.30% |          61      2.84%     53.15% |          74      3.45%     56.60% |          88      4.10%     60.70% |          82      3.82%     64.52% |          63      2.94%     67.46% |          78      3.64%     71.10% |          87      4.06%     75.15% |          70      3.26%     78.41% |          68      3.17%     81.59% |          73      3.40%     84.99% |         100      4.66%     89.65% |          49      2.28%     91.93% |          49      2.28%     94.22% |          63      2.94%     97.16% |          61      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX::total         2145                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE |          10      3.94%      3.94% |           4      1.57%      5.51% |           7      2.76%      8.27% |           7      2.76%     11.02% |           7      2.76%     13.78% |           4      1.57%     15.35% |          10      3.94%     19.29% |           6      2.36%     21.65% |           7      2.76%     24.41% |           8      3.15%     27.56% |           6      2.36%     29.92% |           4      1.57%     31.50% |           9      3.54%     35.04% |          10      3.94%     38.98% |           4      1.57%     40.55% |           6      2.36%     42.91% |          10      3.94%     46.85% |           9      3.54%     50.39% |           5      1.97%     52.36% |           6      2.36%     54.72% |          15      5.91%     60.63% |          14      5.51%     66.14% |           8      3.15%     69.29% |           8      3.15%     72.44% |           9      3.54%     75.98% |           7      2.76%     78.74% |          15      5.91%     84.65% |           4      1.57%     86.22% |           8      3.15%     89.37% |           9      3.54%     92.91% |          10      3.94%     96.85% |           8      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE::total          254                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |        6523      3.23%      3.23% |        6382      3.16%      6.40% |        6238      3.09%      9.49% |        6253      3.10%     12.59% |        6358      3.15%     15.74% |        6160      3.05%     18.80% |        6368      3.16%     21.95% |        6364      3.15%     25.11% |        6387      3.17%     28.27% |        6318      3.13%     31.41% |        6333      3.14%     34.54% |        6302      3.12%     37.67% |        6426      3.19%     40.85% |        6256      3.10%     43.96% |        6272      3.11%     47.06% |        6218      3.08%     50.15% |        6539      3.24%     53.39% |        6352      3.15%     56.54% |        6268      3.11%     59.64% |        6266      3.11%     62.75% |        6398      3.17%     65.92% |        6254      3.10%     69.02% |        6232      3.09%     72.11% |        6214      3.08%     75.19% |        6397      3.17%     78.36% |        6217      3.08%     81.45% |        6168      3.06%     84.50% |        6217      3.08%     87.59% |        6361      3.15%     90.74% |        6241      3.09%     93.83% |        6214      3.08%     96.91% |        6226      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total       201722                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         411      3.20%      3.20% |         403      3.14%      6.35% |         406      3.17%      9.51% |         395      3.08%     12.59% |         412      3.21%     15.81% |         408      3.18%     18.99% |         422      3.29%     22.28% |         412      3.21%     25.49% |         404      3.15%     28.64% |         390      3.04%     31.68% |         404      3.15%     34.83% |         413      3.22%     38.05% |         402      3.13%     41.19% |         395      3.08%     44.27% |         405      3.16%     47.43% |         403      3.14%     50.57% |         409      3.19%     53.76% |         394      3.07%     56.83% |         392      3.06%     59.89% |         391      3.05%     62.94% |         416      3.24%     66.18% |         389      3.03%     69.21% |         389      3.03%     72.25% |         380      2.96%     75.21% |         393      3.06%     78.28% |         394      3.07%     81.35% |         385      3.00%     84.35% |         391      3.05%     87.40% |         413      3.22%     90.62% |         419      3.27%     93.89% |         397      3.10%     96.98% |         387      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        12824                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          30      0.74%      0.74% |          33      0.82%      1.56% |         168      4.17%      5.73% |         121      3.00%      8.74% |         215      5.34%     14.07% |         258      6.40%     20.48% |          26      0.65%     21.12% |          20      0.50%     21.62% |         160      3.97%     25.59% |          98      2.43%     28.02% |          81      2.01%     30.03% |         123      3.05%     33.09% |         128      3.18%     36.26% |         109      2.71%     38.97% |         105      2.61%     41.57% |         162      4.02%     45.59% |          23      0.57%     46.17% |          24      0.60%     46.76% |         111      2.76%     49.52% |         147      3.65%     53.16% |         192      4.77%     57.93% |         115      2.85%     60.78% |         124      3.08%     63.86% |         149      3.70%     67.56% |         151      3.75%     71.31% |         155      3.85%     75.16% |         169      4.19%     79.35% |         120      2.98%     82.33% |         207      5.14%     87.47% |         176      4.37%     91.83% |         174      4.32%     96.15% |         155      3.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         4029                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |          29      0.75%      0.75% |          29      0.75%      1.50% |         162      4.19%      5.70% |         113      2.93%      8.62% |         208      5.39%     14.01% |         254      6.58%     20.59% |          25      0.65%     21.23% |          18      0.47%     21.70% |         156      4.04%     25.74% |          91      2.36%     28.09% |          78      2.02%     30.11% |         120      3.11%     33.22% |         125      3.24%     36.46% |         108      2.80%     39.25% |         100      2.59%     41.84% |         157      4.07%     45.91% |          23      0.60%     46.50% |          24      0.62%     47.13% |         105      2.72%     49.84% |         139      3.60%     53.44% |         182      4.71%     58.16% |         112      2.90%     61.06% |         120      3.11%     64.16% |         137      3.55%     67.71% |         139      3.60%     71.31% |         148      3.83%     75.14% |         164      4.25%     79.39% |         109      2.82%     82.21% |         199      5.15%     87.36% |         173      4.48%     91.84% |         168      4.35%     96.19% |         147      3.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total         3862                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           1      0.60%      0.60% |           4      2.40%      2.99% |           6      3.59%      6.59% |           8      4.79%     11.38% |           7      4.19%     15.57% |           4      2.40%     17.96% |           1      0.60%     18.56% |           2      1.20%     19.76% |           4      2.40%     22.16% |           7      4.19%     26.35% |           3      1.80%     28.14% |           3      1.80%     29.94% |           3      1.80%     31.74% |           1      0.60%     32.34% |           5      2.99%     35.33% |           5      2.99%     38.32% |           0      0.00%     38.32% |           0      0.00%     38.32% |           6      3.59%     41.92% |           8      4.79%     46.71% |          10      5.99%     52.69% |           3      1.80%     54.49% |           4      2.40%     56.89% |          12      7.19%     64.07% |          12      7.19%     71.26% |           7      4.19%     75.45% |           5      2.99%     78.44% |          11      6.59%     85.03% |           8      4.79%     89.82% |           3      1.80%     91.62% |           6      3.59%     95.21% |           8      4.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          167                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |          31      2.72%      2.72% |          33      2.89%      5.61% |          38      3.33%      8.94% |          34      2.98%     11.92% |          34      2.98%     14.90% |          36      3.16%     18.05% |          35      3.07%     21.12% |          48      4.21%     25.33% |          38      3.33%     28.66% |          33      2.89%     31.55% |          31      2.72%     34.27% |          33      2.89%     37.16% |          27      2.37%     39.53% |          50      4.38%     43.91% |          32      2.80%     46.71% |          34      2.98%     49.69% |          37      3.24%     52.94% |          40      3.51%     56.44% |          38      3.33%     59.77% |          35      3.07%     62.84% |          29      2.54%     65.38% |          25      2.19%     67.57% |          48      4.21%     71.78% |          40      3.51%     75.28% |          44      3.86%     79.14% |          29      2.54%     81.68% |          30      2.63%     84.31% |          36      3.16%     87.47% |          27      2.37%     89.83% |          41      3.59%     93.43% |          32      2.80%     96.23% |          43      3.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total         1141                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX |          20      3.77%      3.77% |          18      3.39%      7.16% |          10      1.88%      9.04% |          13      2.45%     11.49% |          13      2.45%     13.94% |          19      3.58%     17.51% |          14      2.64%     20.15% |          12      2.26%     22.41% |          18      3.39%     25.80% |          20      3.77%     29.57% |          15      2.82%     32.39% |          20      3.77%     36.16% |          17      3.20%     39.36% |          14      2.64%     42.00% |          20      3.77%     45.76% |          15      2.82%     48.59% |          16      3.01%     51.60% |          12      2.26%     53.86% |          14      2.64%     56.50% |          20      3.77%     60.26% |          14      2.64%     62.90% |          12      2.26%     65.16% |          15      2.82%     67.98% |          15      2.82%     70.81% |          27      5.08%     75.89% |          16      3.01%     78.91% |          24      4.52%     83.43% |          24      4.52%     87.95% |          17      3.20%     91.15% |          13      2.45%     93.60% |          20      3.77%     97.36% |          14      2.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX::total          531                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE |           6      2.79%      2.79% |           8      3.72%      6.51% |           5      2.33%      8.84% |           6      2.79%     11.63% |           8      3.72%     15.35% |           9      4.19%     19.53% |           6      2.79%     22.33% |          12      5.58%     27.91% |          10      4.65%     32.56% |           2      0.93%     33.49% |           4      1.86%     35.35% |          11      5.12%     40.47% |          11      5.12%     45.58% |          10      4.65%     50.23% |          10      4.65%     54.88% |           6      2.79%     57.67% |           2      0.93%     58.60% |           1      0.47%     59.07% |           7      3.26%     62.33% |           3      1.40%     63.72% |           4      1.86%     65.58% |           5      2.33%     67.91% |          10      4.65%     72.56% |           6      2.79%     75.35% |           4      1.86%     77.21% |          16      7.44%     84.65% |           5      2.33%     86.98% |           5      2.33%     89.30% |           6      2.79%     92.09% |           4      1.86%     93.95% |           8      3.72%     97.67% |           5      2.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE::total          215                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        6934      3.23%      3.23% |        6785      3.16%      6.39% |        6644      3.10%      9.49% |        6648      3.10%     12.59% |        6770      3.16%     15.75% |        6568      3.06%     18.81% |        6790      3.16%     21.97% |        6776      3.16%     25.13% |        6791      3.17%     28.30% |        6708      3.13%     31.42% |        6737      3.14%     34.56% |        6715      3.13%     37.69% |        6828      3.18%     40.87% |        6651      3.10%     43.97% |        6677      3.11%     47.09% |        6621      3.09%     50.17% |        6948      3.24%     53.41% |        6746      3.14%     56.56% |        6660      3.10%     59.66% |        6657      3.10%     62.76% |        6814      3.18%     65.94% |        6643      3.10%     69.03% |        6621      3.09%     72.12% |        6594      3.07%     75.19% |        6790      3.16%     78.36% |        6611      3.08%     81.44% |        6553      3.05%     84.49% |        6608      3.08%     87.57% |        6774      3.16%     90.73% |        6660      3.10%     93.84% |        6611      3.08%     96.92% |        6613      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total       214546                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      306448     17.64%     17.64% |      868440     50.00%     67.64% |      135490      7.80%     75.44% |      146366      8.43%     83.87% |      134522      7.75%     91.62% |      145614      8.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1736880                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      306448     17.64%     17.64% |      868440     50.00%     67.64% |      135490      7.80%     75.44% |      146366      8.43%     83.87% |      134522      7.75%     91.62% |      145614      8.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1736880                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      306448     17.64%     17.64% |      868440     50.00%     67.64% |      135490      7.80%     75.44% |      146366      8.43%     83.87% |      134522      7.75%     91.62% |      145614      8.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1736880                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      306448     17.64%     17.64% |      868440     50.00%     67.64% |      135490      7.80%     75.44% |      146366      8.43%     83.87% |      134522      7.75%     91.62% |      145614      8.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1736880                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
