
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.092897                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 92896740500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5269064819000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  23933                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    42277                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               52839837                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                6564320                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1758.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    42075689                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      74325716                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21135744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21135744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11912704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       11912704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       330246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             330246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       186136                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            186136                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    227518682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            227518682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    128235974                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           128235974                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    355754656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           355754656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     330246                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    186136                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   330246                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  186136                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21133248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   2496                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               11912512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21135744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            11912704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    39                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            20877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            20632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            20724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            20906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           20975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            11509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            11673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            11675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            11648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            11608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            11922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            11561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            11687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            11900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            11715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           11517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           11703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           11349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           11318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           11596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                     3313                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     1961                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  92896178500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               330246                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              186136                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 154730                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  37208                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  28129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  20896                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  16088                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  12900                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                  10247                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   8214                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   6673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   5394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  4367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  3527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  2764                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  2345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1916                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1335                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   839                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   770                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   594                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   516                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   464                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   385                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   377                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   346                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  3763                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  33125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  35683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  36229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  36017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  35368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   3458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   2563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   3693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       159155                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   207.627332                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   156.276601                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   171.681757                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        52068     32.72%     32.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        47380     29.77%     62.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43446     27.30%     89.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6673      4.19%     93.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3879      2.44%     96.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2051      1.29%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1226      0.77%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          839      0.53%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1593      1.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       159155                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        33371                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.894789                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    23.862475                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        33364     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        33371                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        33371                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.577687                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.424393                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.689497                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          30855     92.46%     92.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1751      5.25%     97.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          437      1.31%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          328      0.98%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        33371                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 14078847319                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            20270228569                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1651035000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    42636.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               61386.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      227.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      128.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   227.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   128.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.22                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  246413                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 110762                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                74.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               59.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    179898.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15183828000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3101800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    74607915500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              606962160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              596174040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              331179750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              325293375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1292795400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1282671000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            604454400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            601655040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         6067120800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         6067120800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        38605162635                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        37883843595                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        21869955750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        22502691750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          69377630895                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          69259449600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          746.877648                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          745.605380                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20711744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20711744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11492352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       11492352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             323621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       179568                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            179568                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    222954475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            222954475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    123711036                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           123711036                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    346665511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           346665511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     323621                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    179568                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   323621                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  179568                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20709824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               11492224                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20711744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            11492352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    30                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            19933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           19850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           19960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            11102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            11263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            11280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            11246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            11220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            11139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            11261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            11483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            11296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           11120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           11295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           10949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           10904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           11294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           11195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                     2516                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     1761                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  92895907500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               323621                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              179568                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 152067                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  34627                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  27077                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  21091                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  16433                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  12893                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                  10111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   8181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   6648                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   5339                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  4382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  3508                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  2887                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  2384                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  2015                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  1626                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  1365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  1151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  1060                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   906                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   728                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   665                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   504                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   422                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   316                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   282                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                  2866                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  32006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  34375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  34811                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  34705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  34368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   3421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   2574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   3308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       150693                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.688386                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   160.328973                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   175.661075                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        48096     31.92%     31.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42825     28.42%     60.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43367     28.78%     89.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6565      4.36%     93.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3986      2.65%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2114      1.40%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1263      0.84%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          891      0.59%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1586      1.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       150693                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32260                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.030533                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    19.919564                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32254     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        32260                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32260                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.566212                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.414506                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.680072                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          29820     92.44%     92.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1734      5.38%     97.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          388      1.20%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          318      0.99%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        32260                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 13319187672                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            19386518922                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1617955000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    41160.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               59910.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      222.93                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      123.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   222.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   123.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.20                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  243007                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 109448                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                75.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               60.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    184614.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15392212000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3101800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    74399192000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              574673400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              564512760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              313561875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              308017875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1267640400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1256244600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            583381440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            580173840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         6067120800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         6067120800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        38089790865                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        37128502395                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        22322036250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        23165271750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          69218205030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          69069844020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          745.161365                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          743.564200                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20712448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20712448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     11492480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       11492480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             323632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       179570                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            179570                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    222962053                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            222962053                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    123712414                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           123712414                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    346674467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           346674467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     323632                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    179570                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   323632                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  179570                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20711424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               11492480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20712448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            11492480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            19972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           19859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           19943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            11103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            11266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            11266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            11266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            11205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            11508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            11152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            11265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            11458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            11303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           11115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           11306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           10957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           10900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           11204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     2607                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     1872                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  92896600000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               323632                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              179570                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 151917                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  33994                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  26930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  20710                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  16344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  12662                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  10018                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   8040                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   6450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   5376                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  4415                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  3694                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  3089                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  2540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  2144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  1759                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  1464                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  1244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  1110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   861                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   640                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   561                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   328                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   286                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  3016                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  31934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  34288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  34716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  34617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  34234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   3628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   2673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   3480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       150274                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   214.296552                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   160.760478                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   176.290954                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        47851     31.84%     31.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42424     28.23%     60.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43632     29.03%     89.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6597      4.39%     93.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3845      2.56%     96.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2090      1.39%     97.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1308      0.87%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          887      0.59%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1640      1.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       150274                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32177                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.057246                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    19.984296                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32172     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        32177                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32177                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.580694                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.423552                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.711098                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          29664     92.19%     92.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1765      5.49%     97.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          427      1.33%     99.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          321      1.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        32177                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 13646316767                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            19714116767                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1618080000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    42168.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               60918.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      222.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      123.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   222.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   123.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.20                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  243146                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 109757                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                75.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               61.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    184610.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   70.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15439482750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3101800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    74351805250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              573735960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              562305240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              313050375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              306813375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1267788600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1256307000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            583387920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            580193280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         6067120800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         6067120800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        37978052625                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        37061674740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        22420052250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        23223892500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          69203188530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          69058306935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          744.999707                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          743.439999                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20690368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20690368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     11491072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       11491072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       323287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             323287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       179548                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            179548                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    222724370                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            222724370                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    123697257                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           123697257                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    346421627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           346421627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     323288                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    179548                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   323288                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  179548                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20689728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               11490944                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20690432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            11491072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            19974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           19980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            11106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            11267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            11269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            11253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            11206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            11130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            11257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            11454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            11314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           11113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           11316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           10953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           10906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           11295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           11202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                     3005                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     1831                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  92895998000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               323288                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              179548                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 151232                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  34301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  26942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  21062                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  16238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  12824                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  10149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   8150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   6609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   5423                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  4324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  3543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  2836                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  2326                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  2073                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  1793                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  1471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  1265                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  1105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   817                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   723                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   586                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   477                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   409                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   399                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   346                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                  3373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  31904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  34295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  34770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  34669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  34200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   3640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   2642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   3428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       150508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.808170                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   160.367986                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   175.883911                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        48119     31.97%     31.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42642     28.33%     60.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43337     28.79%     89.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6598      4.38%     93.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3924      2.61%     96.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2093      1.39%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1316      0.87%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          874      0.58%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1605      1.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       150508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32157                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.050533                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.498230                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32147     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        32157                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32157                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.583419                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.425188                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.719215                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          29647     92.19%     92.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1747      5.43%     97.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          434      1.35%     98.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          329      1.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        32157                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 13720533096                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            19781976846                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1616385000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    42442.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               61192.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      222.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      123.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   222.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   123.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.20                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  242610                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 109699                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                75.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               61.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    184744.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   70.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15171346000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3101800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    74617179500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              574643160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              563189760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              313545375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              307296000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1266025800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1255425600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            583154640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            580303440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         6067120800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         6067120800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        37824168015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        37037015685                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        22555038750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        23245523250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          69183696540                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          69055874535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          744.789868                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          743.413813                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          793                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3987                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4871                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              491000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              470124                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              115624                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1792000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               16871066                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 34.879303                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                27.544511                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                40.659468                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    16466862     97.60%     97.60% |      280355      1.66%     99.27% |       71314      0.42%     99.69% |       34296      0.20%     99.89% |       13043      0.08%     99.97% |        4461      0.03%    100.00% |         711      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 16871066                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     32782969                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.258144                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.778225                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      2.499310                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    29544926     90.12%     90.12% |     2224212      6.78%     96.91% |      537316      1.64%     98.55% |      176820      0.54%     99.09% |      117561      0.36%     99.44% |       87196      0.27%     99.71% |       60645      0.18%     99.90% |       31848      0.10%     99.99% |        2445      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      32782969                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            32782968                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              20.586456                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.275362                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             78.607988                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    32642722     99.57%     99.57% |      118507      0.36%     99.93% |       15843      0.05%     99.98% |        3645      0.01%     99.99% |        1434      0.00%    100.00% |         548      0.00%    100.00% |         195      0.00%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              32782968                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        29800473                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000703                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000607                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.026499                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    29779533     99.93%     99.93% |       20940      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          29800473                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        2982495                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        196.299668                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       147.010793                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       184.270133                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     2842249     95.30%     95.30% |      118507      3.97%     99.27% |       15843      0.53%     99.80% |        3645      0.12%     99.92% |        1434      0.05%     99.97% |         548      0.02%     99.99% |         195      0.01%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          2982495                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    83886080                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    4194304                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses        1037504                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses      1037504                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           42                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           22                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           26                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           39                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     20034470                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       689931                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     20724401                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      9264664                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123476                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      9388140                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       827109                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        30845                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       275805                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1717927                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        54372                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           18                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           18                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        54925                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       247577                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       302502                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        62939                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        68759                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       272864                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       341623                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        68244                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        48898                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       237957                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       286855                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        60715                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        45163                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       231259                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       276422                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        57917                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits       111918                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       425326                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       537244                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        91896                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        62271                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       258486                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       320757                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        62860                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        57954                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       254982                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       312936                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        65143                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        51451                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       240620                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       292071                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        62144                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       112155                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        49816                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       161971                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        48785                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        43131                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        91916                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        49548                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        43157                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        92705                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        48657                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        43055                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        91712                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        47643                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        43120                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        90763                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        47227                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        43136                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        90363                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        46247                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        43080                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        89327                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        46473                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        43108                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        89581                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        47979                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        43150                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        91129                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        47483                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        43222                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        90705                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        47886                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        43141                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        91027                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        47634                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        42997                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        90631                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        47333                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        43127                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        90460                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        46884                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        43114                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        89998                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        49740                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        43200                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        92940                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        47497                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        43068                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        90565                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        46757                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        42976                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        89733                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        46919                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        43171                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        90090                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        47580                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        43212                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        90792                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        46929                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        43127                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        90056                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        47994                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        42915                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        90909                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        47496                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        43034                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        90530                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        48278                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        43001                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        91279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        48283                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        43025                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        91308                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        50878                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        43023                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        93901                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        51969                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        42952                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        94921                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        47315                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        42997                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        90312                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        47464                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        42988                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        90452                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        47176                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        43050                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        90226                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        46461                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        43110                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        89571                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        46740                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        43194                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        89934                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        49463                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        43226                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        92689                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles         1351                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     18642319                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     18642319                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     19370550                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18642319                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      9421696                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      9322823                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     18642319                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.100339                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     12697572                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     12697572                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     13551697                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     12697572                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7844133                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7723520                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     12697572                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.068342                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      9426653                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      9426653                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9934936                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9426653                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4406303                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4361461                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      9426653                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.050737                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      8786615                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      8786615                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9315213                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8786615                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4248869                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4222179                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      8786615                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.047292                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      9283025                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      9283025                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9781124                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9283025                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4917994                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4855597                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      9283025                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.049964                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      8658369                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      8658369                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9108349                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8658369                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4377216                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4359005                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      8658369                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.046602                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     11942735                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     11942735                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     13083648                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     11942735                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5391871                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5294559                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     11942735                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.064280                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      9133347                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      9133347                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9822454                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9133347                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4333349                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4301563                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      9133347                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.049159                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      6204357                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      6204357                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6510123                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6204357                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2999520                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2980317                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      6204357                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.033394                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      7308796                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      7308796                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7709456                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7308796                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3625380                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3605300                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      7308796                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.039338                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      4924912                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      4924912                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5141394                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4924912                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2163467                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2150208                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      4924912                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.026507                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3644723                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3644723                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3686067                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3644723                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1649841                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1648755                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3644723                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.019617                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4283337                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4283337                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4340097                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4283337                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2099227                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2097345                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4283337                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.023054                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3873170                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3873170                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3919382                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3873170                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1790814                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1789558                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3873170                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.020847                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2559950                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2559950                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2610060                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2559950                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1025283                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1023814                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2559950                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.013778                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3546199                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3546199                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3631396                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3546199                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1427631                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1424411                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3546199                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.019087                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4566206                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4566206                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4640870                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4566206                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1733756                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1731118                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4566206                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.024577                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3810308                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3810308                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3877855                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3810308                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1489306                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1487420                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3810308                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.020508                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3426977                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3426977                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3507466                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3426977                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1412509                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1409909                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3426977                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.018445                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      2021889                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      2021889                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2096430                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2021889                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       847572                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       845265                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      2021889                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.010882                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1906857                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1906857                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1914407                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1906857                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       934474                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       934245                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1906857                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.010263                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2282256                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2282256                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2295760                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2282256                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1197937                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1196832                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2282256                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.012284                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2143541                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2143541                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2155092                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2143541                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1067698                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1067285                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2143541                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.011537                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1319691                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1319691                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1319691                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1319691                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       588509                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       588479                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1319691                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.007103                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1843463                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1843463                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1850778                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1843463                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       875394                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       875183                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1843463                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.009922                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2236617                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2236617                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2249598                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2236617                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1167917                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1166961                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2236617                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.012038                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2121281                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2121281                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2132515                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2121281                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1049006                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1048549                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2121281                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.011417                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1327123                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1327123                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1327123                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1327123                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       590439                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       590399                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1327123                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.007143                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      8157007                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      8157007                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8639008                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8157007                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3742732                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3729955                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      8157007                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.043904                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      7505446                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      7505446                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7810181                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7505446                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3317168                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3308834                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      7505446                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.040397                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      8033160                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      8033160                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8499974                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8033160                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3504053                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3488016                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      8033160                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.043237                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8068015                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8068015                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8463166                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8068014                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3566412                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3554459                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8068014                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.043425                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    14495624     30.66%     30.66% |    29814421     63.06%     93.72% |     2967087      6.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     47277132                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    14495624     30.66%     30.66% |    29814422     63.06%     93.72% |     2967087      6.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     47277133                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   439038239                       |   759153690                       |    70697151                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   220494218                       |   138956089                       |     2992192                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   30.287640                       |   25.462634                       |   23.827124                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   15.211088                       |    4.660701                       |    1.008461                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    26.839384                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     7.666339                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         34.505722                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.004071                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.093449      7.45%      7.45% |    0.092884      7.41%     14.86% |    0.092673      7.39%     22.25% |    0.092221      7.35%     29.61% |    0.199868     15.94%     45.55% |    0.199722     15.93%     61.47% |    0.199717     15.93%     77.40% |    0.199648     15.92%     93.32% |    0.020924      1.67%     94.99% |    0.020929      1.67%     96.66% |    0.020923      1.67%     98.33% |    0.020922      1.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.253882                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.031232                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.023386                       |    0.000000                       |    0.005557                       |    0.006080                       |    0.005343                       |    0.005205                       |    0.009313                       |    0.005802                       |    0.005684                       |    0.005371                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.006243                       |    0.003768                       |    0.003723                       |    0.003751                       |    0.003718                       |    0.003718                       |    0.003713                       |    0.003694                       |    0.003703                       |    0.003785                       |    0.003794                       |    0.003760                       |    0.003731                       |    0.003713                       |    0.003683                       |    0.003691                       |    0.003739                       |    0.003724                       |    0.003739                       |    0.003728                       |    0.003708                       |    0.003801                       |    0.003725                       |    0.003701                       |    0.003711                       |    0.003731                       |    0.003712                       |    0.003733                       |    0.003724                       |    0.003741                       |    0.003826                       |    0.003863                       |    0.010656                       |    0.010440                       |    0.010440                       |    0.010429                       |    0.000130                       |           0                       |    0.003676                       |    0.009265                       |    0.000648                       |    0.000730                       |    0.000622                       |    0.000635                       |    0.001019                       |    0.000700                       |    0.000628                       |    0.000607                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003410                       |    0.000131                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003838                       |    0.002884                       |    0.008198                       |    0.003405                       |    0.000628                       |    0.004743                       |    0.011523                       |    0.004897                       |           0                       |    0.003415                       |    0.007425                       |           0                       |    0.011241                       |    0.016051                       |    0.005772                       |    0.007966                       |    0.003418                       |    0.000648                       |    0.012571                       |    0.012469                       |    0.013665                       |    0.008774                       |    0.003432                       |    0.000730                       |    0.015074                       |    0.010861                       |    0.008422                       |           0                       |    0.003405                       |    0.007213                       |           0                       |    0.013982                       |    0.009194                       |    0.006604                       |           0                       |    0.003430                       |           0                       |    0.007471                       |    0.004640                       |    0.004076                       |           0                       |    0.003412                       |           0                       |    0.003711                       |    0.002799                       |           0                       |    0.003481                       |           0                       |    0.001683                       |    0.003801                       |    0.003319                       |    0.007738                       |    0.003447                       |    0.000607                       |    0.008300                       |    0.004607                       |    0.011312                       |    0.003327                       |    0.007655                       |    0.003408                       |    0.000622                       |    0.005430                       |    0.012256                       |    0.016276                       |    0.004317                       |    0.025678                       |    0.005220                       |    0.003676                       |    0.009685                       |    0.017597                       |    0.025895                       |    0.012588                       |    0.000001                       |    0.003444                       |    0.009265                       |    0.010280                       |    0.019116                       |    0.016577                       |    0.009660                       |    0.007438                       |    0.003399                       |    0.000635                       |    0.007884                       |    0.012686                       |    0.009298                       |    0.005262                       |           0                       |    0.003420                       |           0                       |    0.002953                       |    0.007462                       |    0.004627                       |    0.004593                       |           0                       |    0.003420                       |           0                       |    0.001571                       |    0.003731                       |    0.003315                       |           0                       |    0.003418                       |           0                       |    0.000992                       |    0.003725                       |    0.003402                       |           0                       |    0.003454                       |           0                       |    0.008621                       |    0.004493                       |    0.006559                       |    0.003380                       |           0                       |    0.003499                       |    0.007213                       |           0                       |    0.005599                       |    0.011777                       |    0.011762                       |    0.003386                       |    0.013672                       |    0.003407                       |    0.001019                       |    0.017978                       |    0.013579                       |    0.011197                       |    0.003429                       |    0.008310                       |    0.003397                       |    0.000700                       |    0.008306                       |    0.014909                       |    0.010128                       |    0.003409                       |           0                       |    0.003497                       |    0.007208                       |           0                       |    0.006400                       |    0.014061                       |    0.008829                       |    0.003429                       |           0                       |    0.003392                       |           0                       |    0.002218                       |    0.007424                       |    0.004390                       |    0.003422                       |           0                       |    0.003415                       |           0                       |    0.000881                       |    0.003712                       |    0.003410                       |           0                       |    0.003402                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003701                       |           0                       |    0.003380                       |           0                       |    0.003883                       |           0                       |    0.006515                       |           0                       |    0.003386                       |           0                       |    0.004516                       |    0.003014                       |    0.008171                       |           0                       |    0.003429                       |           0                       |    0.010976                       |    0.005495                       |    0.004677                       |           0                       |    0.003409                       |           0                       |    0.004045                       |    0.009238                       |    0.003816                       |           0                       |    0.003429                       |           0                       |    0.006317                       |    0.008699                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003422                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.007461                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003410                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003733                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.253882                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         7996210                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      7996210                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       343246                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5780024                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5251923                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.863342                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          571699                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30784                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             12909027                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              73176                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            14513672                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            138481                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         12982203                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        14652153                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  27422699                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  211657                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              27634356                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              9395070                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9554                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          9404624                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   9395070                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9554                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               9404624                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                182043781                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     31210017                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               48863833                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             7996210                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      5823622                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             145690105                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          785522                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             141934                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       177217                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       279210                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3055                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       330551                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           9394465                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        189439                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3805                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    178224850                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.499791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.703201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        160436477     90.02%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1791140      1.00%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2553889      1.43%     92.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           702331      0.39%     92.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3895836      2.19%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1013584      0.57%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1414218      0.79%     96.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           406262      0.23%     96.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6011113      3.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    178224850                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.043925                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.268418                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         11457370                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     154334415                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6106255                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5934042                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         392761                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       85487450                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         392761                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         13911313                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        94268515                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     10676094                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9367242                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      49608918                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       83919589                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59378                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        4633289                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         452544                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       42476240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     89640424                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     198601306                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    125572261                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          350                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      78473097                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11167297                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       292607                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       296315                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          39239953                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      6793928                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     14829421                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1443136                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1280352                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           82414032                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       527704                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          86225818                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       270796                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      8347035                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13318476                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        96415                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    178224850                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483804                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.238077                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    143730686     80.65%     80.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13947853      7.83%     88.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      7147467      4.01%     92.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4464193      2.50%     94.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3693875      2.07%     97.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2549954      1.43%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2023737      1.14%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       413920      0.23%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       253165      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    178224850                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          104532     10.37%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         784802     77.88%     88.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        118354     11.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       338332      0.39%      0.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      58389771     67.72%     68.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        43646      0.05%     68.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52043      0.06%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           20      0.00%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12710135     14.74%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     14691871     17.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       86225818                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.473654                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1007688                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.011687                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    351954688                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     91296409                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     78964247                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          281                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          403                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          105                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       86895033                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             141                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1620898                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1209463                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2679                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8179                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       557270                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1813                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7397928                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         392761                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5250483                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      84127466                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     82941736                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        98500                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       6793928                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     14829421                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       518849                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          99092                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      83863926                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8179                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123960                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       282570                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       406530                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      85614672                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      12519631                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       400469                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             27050239                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          6672624                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           14530608                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.470297                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               79065006                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              78964352                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          41048281                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          64686316                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.433766                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.634574                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8532630                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       431289                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       356589                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    176811898                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.420366                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.327542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    149220243     84.39%     84.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11854903      6.70%     91.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      6695492      3.79%     94.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2474079      1.40%     96.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1478203      0.84%     97.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1015118      0.57%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       508683      0.29%     97.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904327      0.51%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2660850      1.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    176811898                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     42075688                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       74325713                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               19856603                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5584460                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6228281                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 25                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          73924626                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       493547                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       147642      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     54228370     72.96%     73.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        42333      0.06%     73.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50763      0.07%     73.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     73.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5584460      7.51%     80.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     14272143     19.20%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     74325713                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2660850                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            256876796                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           167140310                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85026                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3818931                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3749277                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            42075688                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              74325713                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.326579                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.326579                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.231129                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.231129                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        130165519                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        57371957                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               140                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              125                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          31987683                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         25889888                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        40743159                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         289247                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               5084337000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            5084336999.999996                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.68435e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       8286593                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        43.043476                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       30.803918                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       55.812659                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     7882999     95.13%     95.13% |      279753      3.38%     98.51% |       71306      0.86%     99.37% |       34296      0.41%     99.78% |       13043      0.16%     99.94% |        4461      0.05%     99.99% |         711      0.01%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         8286593                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       8344129                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        27.041958                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.758309                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       10.783671                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     5494665     65.85%     65.85% |     2822474     33.83%     99.68% |       24087      0.29%     99.97% |        2293      0.03%     99.99% |         483      0.01%    100.00% |          84      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         8344129                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        240344                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        25.487110                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.621766                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.471454                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |        4363      1.82%      1.82% |       28114     11.70%     13.51% |       81807     34.04%     47.55% |       57923     24.10%     71.65% |       49541     20.61%     92.26% |       14556      6.06%     98.32% |        3493      1.45%     99.77% |         500      0.21%     99.98% |          41      0.02%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          240344                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          8175283                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           46.266275                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           7.095003                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         123.870639                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     8073339     98.75%     98.75% |       86152      1.05%     99.81% |       11657      0.14%     99.95% |        2562      0.03%     99.98% |         993      0.01%     99.99% |         396      0.00%    100.00% |         131      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            8175283                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6351096                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.003038                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.002623                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.055033                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6331802     99.70%     99.70% |       19294      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6351096                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      1824187                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     196.891715                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    141.632700                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    198.899148                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     1722243     94.41%     94.41% |       86152      4.72%     99.13% |       11657      0.64%     99.77% |        2562      0.14%     99.91% |         993      0.05%     99.97% |         396      0.02%     99.99% |         131      0.01%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       1824187                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         14991198                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           17.068930                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.950783                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          67.064605                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    14953209     99.75%     99.75% |       32044      0.21%     99.96% |        4184      0.03%     99.99% |        1083      0.01%    100.00% |         441      0.00%    100.00% |         152      0.00%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           14991198                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     13971242                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000111                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000096                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.010522                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    13969695     99.99%     99.99% |        1547      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       13971242                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1019956                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     209.782022                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    171.490434                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    162.038745                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      981967     96.28%     96.28% |       32044      3.14%     99.42% |        4184      0.41%     99.83% |        1083      0.11%     99.93% |         441      0.04%     99.98% |         152      0.01%     99.99% |          64      0.01%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1019956                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      9388139                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.099999                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.130297                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      11.700542                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     9385346     99.97%     99.97% |        2546      0.03%    100.00% |         223      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        9388139                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      9264664                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9264664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      9264664                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123475                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    86.635926                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.035057                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    59.212672                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      120682     97.74%     97.74% |        2546      2.06%     99.80% |         223      0.18%     99.98% |          22      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123475                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       227044                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.972279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.741381                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    34.282722                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      223078     98.25%     98.25% |        3055      1.35%     99.60% |         775      0.34%     99.94% |          70      0.03%     99.97% |          30      0.01%     99.98% |          29      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       227044                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       212195                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000467                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000403                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.021595                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      212096     99.95%     99.95% |          99      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       212195                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        14849                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.600781                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.655891                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    85.735722                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       10883     73.29%     73.29% |        3055     20.57%     93.86% |         775      5.22%     99.08% |          70      0.47%     99.56% |          30      0.20%     99.76% |          29      0.20%     99.95% |           6      0.04%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        14849                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.254601                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.423135                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.768155                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         624     95.71%     95.71% |          18      2.76%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    78.785714                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.782348                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    61.005985                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     64.29%     64.29% |           5     17.86%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           3     10.71%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       391371                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      7610148                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       291560                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                   217584                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                   246418                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                   206297                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   199470                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                   394401                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                   232108                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                   224746                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                   209956                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  84976                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                  95262                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  80615                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                  77010                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                 142879                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                  88708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  88246                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                  82172                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    65983                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    74409                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    62548                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    59641                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                   116770                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    69143                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    68652                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    64020                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               302560                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               341680                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               286912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               276480                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses               537280                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               320816                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses               312992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses               292128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 7018762                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 6980918                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 6907729                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 6490010                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 6810033                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 6665266                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 7557971                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                 7234679                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                  220896                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  249456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                  209472                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  201856                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                  392256                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                  234224                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                  228512                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                  213280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  81664                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  92224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  77440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  74624                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                 145024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  86592                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  84480                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  78848                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits               158776                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits               179954                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits               150493                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits               145442                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits               285467                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits               169484                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits               164022                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits               153113                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses              62120                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses              69502                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses              58979                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses              56414                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses             106789                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses              64740                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses              64490                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses              60167                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               58808                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               66464                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               55804                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               54028                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits              108934                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               62624                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               60724                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               56843                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             22856                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             25760                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             21636                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             20596                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             36090                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             23968                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             23756                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             22005                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      116                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                      131                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      110                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      106                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                      206                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      123                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      120                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                      112                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles               10024673                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles               10015436                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                9970433                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles               10035209                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                9968690                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                9935237                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles               10002157                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                9994954                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1856                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    2096                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    1760                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    1696                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                    3296                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    1968                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    1920                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                    1792                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               8990669                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               8739836                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               8995548                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               9134082                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               6246825                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               8804102                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               8887760                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               8990281                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            4801312                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            5511892                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            4534045                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            4370082                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles           14127234                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            5223172                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            4980208                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            4620372                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              3931974                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              4166669                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3832975                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              3639083                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              3165481                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              3802671                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              4192826                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              4036522                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          8990669                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          8739836                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          8995548                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          9134082                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          6246825                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          8804102                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          8887760                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          8990281                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       4753796                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       5368179                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       4508050                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       4344147                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       8438453                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       5040235                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       4917699                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       4589992                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         3730183                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         3835895                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         3658356                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         3542917                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         3151553                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         3624205                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         3916418                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         3780163                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            9622104                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            9523432                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            9594257                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            9623271                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            8310368                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            9405264                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            9594416                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            9638183                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         175716444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         175716440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         175716446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         175716442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         175716451                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         175716447                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         175716463                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         175716459                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          9971142                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          9915574                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          9928355                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          9992432                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          9466904                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          9863389                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          9952575                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          9920673                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             45065                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             50228                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             42713                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             41010                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             75100                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             47172                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             46708                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             43375                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             32736                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1             37089                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             31158                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1             30387                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1             59943                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             35017                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1             33610                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1             31620                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             42476                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             48221                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             41637                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             46523                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2             54006                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             47702                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             36257                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2             37751                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles         4705339                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles         4811068                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles         4482519                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles         3679985                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles         5774145                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles         4297594                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles         5707402                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles         5084861                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      330221     25.39%     25.39% |      323621     24.88%     50.27% |      323632     24.88%     75.15% |      323288     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1300762                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      180319     25.70%     25.70% |      173747     24.77%     50.47% |      173744     24.77%     75.24% |      173721     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       701531                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      330246     25.39%     25.39% |      323621     24.88%     50.27% |      323632     24.88%     75.15% |      323287     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1300786                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      186136     25.68%     25.68% |      179568     24.77%     50.45% |      179570     24.77%     75.23% |      179548     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       724822                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      141710     25.02%     25.02% |      141682     25.01%     50.03% |      141696     25.01%     75.04% |      141375     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       566463                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      330221     25.39%     25.39% |      323621     24.88%     50.27% |      323632     24.88%     75.15% |      323288     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1300762                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      180083     25.70%     25.70% |      173568     24.77%     50.47% |      173570     24.77%     75.23% |      173548     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       700769                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      141710     25.02%     25.02% |      141682     25.01%     50.03% |      141696     25.01%     75.04% |      141375     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       566463                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      330221     25.39%     25.39% |      323621     24.88%     50.27% |      323632     24.88%     75.15% |      323287     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1300761                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      180083     25.70%     25.70% |      173568     24.77%     50.47% |      173570     24.77%     75.23% |      173548     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       700769                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          709                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6226556     76.05%     76.05% |          18      0.00%     76.05% |      221126      2.70%     78.76% |      249888      3.05%     81.81% |      209535      2.56%     84.37% |      201932      2.47%     86.83% |      400813      4.90%     91.73% |      234713      2.87%     94.60% |      228933      2.80%     97.39% |      213424      2.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      8186938                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     9388196    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      9388196                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    14498946     95.24%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |       81948      0.54%     95.77% |       92722      0.61%     96.38% |       77670      0.51%     96.89% |       74759      0.49%     97.39% |      146982      0.97%     98.35% |       87044      0.57%     98.92% |       84912      0.56%     99.48% |       79166      0.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     15224149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17054     10.92%     10.92% |          18      0.01%     10.93% |       16713     10.70%     21.63% |       17471     11.18%     32.81% |       16220     10.38%     43.19% |       15348      9.82%     53.02% |       23362     14.95%     67.97% |       17468     11.18%     79.15% |       16725     10.71%     89.86% |       15841     10.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       156220                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      808974     26.87%     26.87% |           0      0.00%     26.87% |      247828      8.23%     35.10% |      274111      9.10%     44.21% |      238073      7.91%     52.11% |      231581      7.69%     59.81% |      453791     15.07%     74.88% |      259637      8.62%     83.50% |      255911      8.50%     92.00% |      240743      8.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3010649                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3194     12.49%     12.49% |        3543     13.85%     26.34% |        2995     11.71%     38.05% |        2892     11.31%     49.35% |        3575     13.98%     63.33% |        3336     13.04%     76.37% |        3143     12.29%     88.66% |        2902     11.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        25580                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7265     12.41%     12.41% |        7796     13.32%     25.73% |        6732     11.50%     37.23% |        6563     11.21%     48.44% |        8820     15.07%     63.50% |        7887     13.47%     76.98% |        7025     12.00%     88.98% |        6454     11.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        58544                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      190529     11.66%     11.66% |          16      0.00%     11.67% |      164513     10.07%     21.74% |      182422     11.17%     32.91% |      157203      9.62%     42.53% |      152263      9.32%     51.85% |      287475     17.60%     69.45% |      170429     10.43%     79.89% |      169142     10.36%     90.24% |      159374      9.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1633366                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        6353     10.85%     10.86% |        7567     12.93%     23.78% |        6461     11.04%     34.82% |        6038     10.31%     45.13% |       11119     18.99%     64.12% |        7219     12.33%     76.45% |        7041     12.03%     88.48% |        6744     11.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        58544                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      622856     48.26%     48.26% |           0      0.00%     48.26% |       76711      5.94%     54.21% |       82875      6.42%     60.63% |       74293      5.76%     66.38% |       72958      5.65%     72.04% |      126732      9.82%     81.86% |       80838      6.26%     88.12% |       78799      6.11%     94.23% |       74502      5.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1290564                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      686876     26.65%     26.65% |           0      0.00%     26.65% |      214892      8.34%     34.99% |      236955      9.19%     44.18% |      206607      8.02%     52.20% |      200861      7.79%     59.99% |      377755     14.66%     74.65% |      222777      8.64%     83.29% |      221328      8.59%     91.88% |      209303      8.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2577354                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      189969     10.42%     10.42% |           9      0.00%     10.42% |      186147     10.21%     20.63% |      206512     11.33%     31.96% |      178236      9.78%     41.73% |      172544      9.46%     51.20% |      322447     17.69%     68.88% |      194469     10.67%     79.55% |      192113     10.54%     90.09% |      180755      9.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1823201                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      120993    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       120993                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      498907     48.22%     48.22% |           0      0.00%     48.22% |       61424      5.94%     54.16% |       66336      6.41%     60.57% |       59700      5.77%     66.34% |       58691      5.67%     72.02% |      102801      9.94%     81.95% |       63990      6.19%     88.14% |       62837      6.07%     94.21% |       59858      5.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1034544                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11051      7.45%      7.45% |           0      0.00%      7.45% |       16393     11.05%     18.50% |       17348     11.69%     30.19% |       15916     10.73%     40.92% |       14968     10.09%     51.01% |       23358     15.74%     66.75% |       17286     11.65%     78.40% |       16544     11.15%     89.55% |       15499     10.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       148363                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         977     99.09%     99.09% |           9      0.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          986                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        2483    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         2483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          57     21.27%     21.27% |           0      0.00%     21.27% |           6      2.24%     23.51% |          16      5.97%     29.48% |          21      7.84%     37.31% |          24      8.96%     46.27% |          78     29.10%     75.37% |          27     10.07%     85.45% |          32     11.94%     97.39% |           7      2.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          268                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1596      5.62%      5.62% |           0      0.00%      5.62% |        3452     12.15%     17.76% |        3616     12.72%     30.49% |        3223     11.34%     41.83% |        3203     11.27%     53.10% |        3455     12.16%     65.26% |        3449     12.14%     77.40% |        3259     11.47%     88.87% |        3164     11.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        28417                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        8207     20.40%     20.40% |           0      0.00%     20.40% |        4167     10.36%     30.76% |        4435     11.03%     41.79% |        3672      9.13%     50.92% |        3762      9.35%     60.27% |        3706      9.21%     69.49% |        4718     11.73%     81.22% |        3938      9.79%     91.01% |        3617      8.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        40222                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     9264664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      9264664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        3460     91.46%     91.46% |           2      0.05%     91.51% |          51      1.35%     92.86% |          14      0.37%     93.23% |          46      1.22%     94.45% |          61      1.61%     96.06% |           0      0.00%     96.06% |          56      1.48%     97.54% |          25      0.66%     98.20% |          68      1.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         3783                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120374     32.72%     32.72% |           0      0.00%     32.72% |       28715      7.81%     40.53% |       31765      8.64%     49.17% |       27594      7.50%     56.67% |       26659      7.25%     63.92% |       43526     11.83%     75.75% |       31721      8.62%     84.37% |       29851      8.12%     92.49% |       27634      7.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       367839                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3320827     92.11%     92.11% |           0      0.00%     92.11% |       30550      0.85%     92.96% |       38477      1.07%     94.02% |       27532      0.76%     94.79% |       25518      0.71%     95.50% |       66071      1.83%     97.33% |       35005      0.97%     98.30% |       32429      0.90%     99.20% |       28876      0.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3605285                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       35525    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        35525                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2308     79.39%     79.39% |          16      0.55%     79.94% |         107      3.68%     83.63% |          31      1.07%     84.69% |         121      4.16%     88.85% |          91      3.13%     91.98% |           2      0.07%     92.05% |          47      1.62%     93.67% |          73      2.51%     96.18% |         111      3.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2907                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      152610      9.94%      9.94% |           0      0.00%      9.94% |      156987     10.22%     20.16% |      174439     11.36%     31.53% |      150202      9.78%     41.31% |      145467      9.47%     50.78% |      278701     18.15%     68.94% |      162372     10.58%     79.51% |      161896     10.54%     90.06% |      152677      9.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      1535351                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7228     12.45%     12.45% |        7762     13.37%     25.82% |        6698     11.54%     37.36% |        6520     11.23%     48.60% |        8635     14.88%     63.47% |        7820     13.47%     76.95% |        6969     12.01%     88.95% |        6413     11.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        58045                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2705589    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2705589                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    13964322     98.69%     98.69% |           0      0.00%     98.69% |       20208      0.14%     98.84% |       25847      0.18%     99.02% |       17694      0.13%     99.14% |       15883      0.11%     99.26% |       42141      0.30%     99.55% |       22548      0.16%     99.71% |       21587      0.15%     99.87% |       18958      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     14149188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         235     20.40%     20.40% |           0      0.00%     20.40% |         159     13.80%     34.20% |          74      6.42%     40.62% |         136     11.81%     52.43% |         226     19.62%     72.05% |           2      0.17%     72.22% |          78      6.77%     78.99% |          83      7.20%     86.20% |         159     13.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total         1152                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      534266     51.27%     51.27% |           0      0.00%     51.27% |       57905      5.56%     56.83% |       62516      6.00%     62.83% |       56405      5.41%     68.24% |       55394      5.32%     73.56% |       99054      9.51%     83.07% |       60405      5.80%     88.86% |       59432      5.70%     94.57% |       56626      5.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1042003                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3192     12.50%     12.50% |        3537     13.85%     26.35% |        2992     11.72%     38.06% |        2890     11.32%     49.38% |        3563     13.95%     63.33% |        3331     13.04%     76.37% |        3138     12.29%     88.66% |        2896     11.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total        25539                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         120      0.39%      0.39% |           0      0.00%      0.39% |         654      2.14%      2.54% |        1415      4.64%      7.18% |         513      1.68%      8.86% |         703      2.30%     11.16% |       24010     78.71%     89.87% |        1374      4.50%     94.37% |        1194      3.91%     98.29% |         522      1.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total        30505                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      190529     11.66%     11.66% |          16      0.00%     11.67% |      164513     10.07%     21.74% |      182422     11.17%     32.91% |      157203      9.62%     42.53% |      152263      9.32%     51.85% |      287475     17.60%     69.45% |      170429     10.43%     79.89% |      169142     10.36%     90.24% |      159374      9.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1633366                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        6353     10.85%     10.86% |        7567     12.93%     23.78% |        6461     11.04%     34.82% |        6038     10.31%     45.13% |       11119     18.99%     64.12% |        7219     12.33%     76.45% |        7041     12.03%     88.48% |        6744     11.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        58544                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123892     48.44%     48.44% |           0      0.00%     48.44% |       15281      5.97%     54.42% |       16523      6.46%     60.88% |       14572      5.70%     66.58% |       14243      5.57%     72.14% |       23853      9.33%     81.47% |       16821      6.58%     88.05% |       15930      6.23%     94.28% |       14637      5.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       255752                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           8      0.12%      0.12% |           0      0.00%      0.12% |         115      1.76%      1.88% |         360      5.51%      7.39% |         136      2.08%      9.47% |         155      2.37%     11.85% |        5045     77.21%     89.06% |         316      4.84%     93.89% |         279      4.27%     98.16% |         120      1.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total         6534                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      498964     48.22%     48.22% |           0      0.00%     48.22% |       61430      5.94%     54.15% |       66352      6.41%     60.57% |       59721      5.77%     66.34% |       58715      5.67%     72.01% |      102879      9.94%     81.95% |       64017      6.19%     88.14% |       62869      6.08%     94.21% |       59865      5.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1034812                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         987      8.47%      8.47% |           0      0.00%      8.47% |         262      2.25%     10.72% |         464      3.98%     14.70% |          95      0.82%     15.52% |         108      0.93%     16.44% |        8585     73.68%     90.13% |         521      4.47%     94.60% |         453      3.89%     98.49% |         176      1.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total        11651                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         114      2.48%      2.48% |           0      0.00%      2.48% |         310      6.73%      9.21% |         523     11.36%     20.57% |         255      5.54%     26.11% |         161      3.50%     29.61% |        1962     42.62%     72.24% |         479     10.41%     82.64% |         456      9.91%     92.55% |         343      7.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         4603                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     20.00%     20.00% |           4     26.67%     46.67% |           1      6.67%     53.33% |           2     13.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      6.67%     73.33% |           0      0.00%     73.33% |           4     26.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      4.88%      4.88% |           6     14.63%     19.51% |           3      7.32%     26.83% |           2      4.88%     31.71% |          12     29.27%     60.98% |           5     12.20%     73.17% |           5     12.20%     85.37% |           6     14.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total           41                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          37      7.44%      7.44% |          34      6.84%     14.29% |          34      6.84%     21.13% |          43      8.65%     29.78% |         185     37.22%     67.00% |          67     13.48%     80.48% |          56     11.27%     91.75% |          41      8.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total          497                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      686876     26.66%     26.66% |           0      0.00%     26.66% |      214850      8.34%     34.99% |      236911      9.19%     44.19% |      206569      8.02%     52.20% |      200814      7.79%     60.00% |      377558     14.65%     74.65% |      222704      8.64%     83.29% |      221267      8.59%     91.88% |      209252      8.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2576801                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          42      7.59%      7.59% |          44      7.96%     15.55% |          38      6.87%     22.42% |          47      8.50%     30.92% |         197     35.62%     66.55% |          73     13.20%     79.75% |          61     11.03%     90.78% |          51      9.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          553                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3855      3.12%      3.12% |        3690      2.99%      6.11% |        3429      2.78%      8.88% |        3495      2.83%     11.71% |        3476      2.81%     14.52% |        3971      3.21%     17.74% |        3700      2.99%     20.73% |        3309      2.68%     23.41% |        3509      2.84%     26.25% |        5107      4.13%     30.39% |        3873      3.13%     33.52% |        3792      3.07%     36.59% |        3481      2.82%     39.41% |        4383      3.55%     42.95% |        3832      3.10%     46.06% |        3779      3.06%     49.11% |        4112      3.33%     52.44% |        4148      3.36%     55.80% |        3654      2.96%     58.76% |        3333      2.70%     61.46% |        3069      2.48%     63.94% |        3734      3.02%     66.96% |        3513      2.84%     69.80% |        3355      2.72%     72.52% |        3600      2.91%     75.43% |        3721      3.01%     78.45% |        3238      2.62%     81.07% |        4609      3.73%     84.80% |        3987      3.23%     88.02% |        5248      4.25%     92.27% |        5109      4.14%     96.41% |        4439      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123550                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      116938      6.41%      6.41% |       55980      3.07%      9.47% |       54977      3.01%     12.49% |       55690      3.05%     15.54% |       55014      3.01%     18.55% |       54768      3.00%     21.55% |       54446      2.98%     24.54% |       54548      2.99%     27.53% |       54603      2.99%     30.52% |       55072      3.02%     33.54% |       57017      3.12%     36.66% |       56103      3.07%     39.73% |       55362      3.03%     42.77% |       54476      2.98%     45.75% |       53936      2.96%     48.71% |       54201      2.97%     51.68% |       55221      3.03%     54.70% |       54755      3.00%     57.70% |       55167      3.02%     60.73% |       55194      3.02%     63.75% |       55114      3.02%     66.77% |       56311      3.09%     69.86% |       55196      3.02%     72.88% |       54438      2.98%     75.86% |       54561      2.99%     78.85% |       55109      3.02%     81.87% |       54617      2.99%     84.86% |       54238      2.97%     87.84% |       54810      3.00%     90.84% |       54242      2.97%     93.81% |       54909      3.01%     96.82% |       58027      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      1825040                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       41197      3.98%      3.98% |       32268      3.12%      7.10% |       32071      3.10%     10.20% |       32138      3.11%     13.30% |       31835      3.08%     16.38% |       31743      3.07%     19.45% |       32097      3.10%     22.55% |       31768      3.07%     25.62% |       31850      3.08%     28.70% |       32535      3.14%     31.84% |       31861      3.08%     34.92% |       31845      3.08%     37.99% |       31943      3.09%     41.08% |       31539      3.05%     44.13% |       31582      3.05%     47.18% |       31629      3.06%     50.24% |       31818      3.07%     53.31% |       31826      3.08%     56.39% |       32222      3.11%     59.50% |       32134      3.11%     62.61% |       31874      3.08%     65.69% |       32991      3.19%     68.87% |       31893      3.08%     71.95% |       31968      3.09%     75.04% |       31956      3.09%     78.13% |       31995      3.09%     81.22% |       32227      3.11%     84.34% |       32090      3.10%     87.44% |       31769      3.07%     90.51% |       31840      3.08%     93.58% |       33920      3.28%     96.86% |       32475      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1034899                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      149320      5.79%      5.79% |       79379      3.08%      8.87% |       78257      3.04%     11.91% |       78987      3.06%     14.97% |       78141      3.03%     18.00% |       77660      3.01%     21.02% |       77693      3.01%     24.03% |       77397      3.00%     27.03% |       77574      3.01%     30.04% |       78749      3.05%     33.10% |       80030      3.10%     36.20% |       78861      3.06%     39.26% |       78318      3.04%     42.30% |       77047      2.99%     45.29% |       76604      2.97%     48.26% |       77012      2.99%     51.25% |       78276      3.04%     54.28% |       77662      3.01%     57.30% |       78558      3.05%     60.34% |       78439      3.04%     63.39% |       78004      3.03%     66.41% |       80286      3.11%     69.53% |       78359      3.04%     72.57% |       77965      3.02%     75.59% |       77907      3.02%     78.61% |       78147      3.03%     81.65% |       78054      3.03%     84.67% |       77759      3.02%     87.69% |       77891      3.02%     90.71% |       77360      3.00%     93.71% |       80096      3.11%     96.82% |       81968      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2577760                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      2.82%      2.82% |           4      5.63%      8.45% |           1      1.41%      9.86% |           1      1.41%     11.27% |           2      2.82%     14.08% |           2      2.82%     16.90% |           2      2.82%     19.72% |           9     12.68%     32.39% |           4      5.63%     38.03% |           2      2.82%     40.85% |           0      0.00%     40.85% |           1      1.41%     42.25% |           1      1.41%     43.66% |           2      2.82%     46.48% |           6      8.45%     54.93% |           2      2.82%     57.75% |           0      0.00%     57.75% |           4      5.63%     63.38% |           1      1.41%     64.79% |           0      0.00%     64.79% |           3      4.23%     69.01% |           1      1.41%     70.42% |           2      2.82%     73.24% |           2      2.82%     76.06% |           4      5.63%     81.69% |           3      4.23%     85.92% |           3      4.23%     90.14% |           1      1.41%     91.55% |           1      1.41%     92.96% |           2      2.82%     95.77% |           3      4.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total           71                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       28166      4.02%      4.02% |       21665      3.09%      7.12% |       21673      3.10%     10.21% |       21687      3.10%     13.31% |       21654      3.09%     16.40% |       21658      3.09%     19.50% |       21665      3.09%     22.59% |       21675      3.10%     25.69% |       21683      3.10%     28.78% |       21684      3.10%     31.88% |       21688      3.10%     34.98% |       21688      3.10%     38.07% |       21663      3.09%     41.17% |       21665      3.09%     44.26% |       21666      3.09%     47.36% |       21672      3.10%     50.45% |       21689      3.10%     53.55% |       21685      3.10%     56.65% |       21666      3.09%     59.74% |       21679      3.10%     62.84% |       21676      3.10%     65.93% |       21683      3.10%     69.03% |       21680      3.10%     72.13% |       21685      3.10%     75.22% |       21699      3.10%     78.32% |       21695      3.10%     81.42% |       21687      3.10%     84.52% |       21685      3.10%     87.62% |       21687      3.10%     90.71% |       21669      3.09%     93.81% |       21676      3.10%     96.91% |       21670      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       700163                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       17869      3.15%      3.15% |       17749      3.13%      6.28% |       17770      3.13%      9.41% |       17725      3.13%     12.54% |       17710      3.12%     15.66% |       17650      3.11%     18.78% |       17705      3.12%     21.90% |       17721      3.13%     25.02% |       17722      3.13%     28.15% |       17763      3.13%     31.28% |       17784      3.14%     34.42% |       17688      3.12%     37.54% |       17741      3.13%     40.66% |       17735      3.13%     43.79% |       17720      3.12%     46.92% |       17702      3.12%     50.04% |       17690      3.12%     53.16% |       17733      3.13%     56.29% |       17747      3.13%     59.41% |       17659      3.11%     62.53% |       17704      3.12%     65.65% |       17778      3.14%     68.79% |       17697      3.12%     71.91% |       17666      3.12%     75.02% |       17727      3.13%     78.15% |       17749      3.13%     81.28% |       17746      3.13%     84.41% |       17647      3.11%     87.52% |       17713      3.12%     90.64% |       17689      3.12%     93.76% |       17696      3.12%     96.88% |       17674      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       567069                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       47146      3.62%      3.62% |       40462      3.11%      6.74% |       40489      3.11%      9.85% |       40458      3.11%     12.96% |       40408      3.11%     16.06% |       40353      3.10%     19.17% |       40416      3.11%     22.27% |       40442      3.11%     25.38% |       40451      3.11%     28.49% |       40494      3.11%     31.61% |       40517      3.11%     34.72% |       40421      3.11%     37.83% |       40449      3.11%     40.94% |       40445      3.11%     44.05% |       40431      3.11%     47.16% |       40419      3.11%     50.26% |       40424      3.11%     53.37% |       40464      3.11%     56.48% |       40459      3.11%     59.59% |       40384      3.10%     62.70% |       40426      3.11%     65.80% |       40508      3.11%     68.92% |       40423      3.11%     72.03% |       40396      3.11%     75.13% |       40472      3.11%     78.24% |       40491      3.11%     81.36% |       40479      3.11%     84.47% |       40376      3.10%     87.57% |       40445      3.11%     90.68% |       40404      3.11%     93.79% |       40418      3.11%     96.89% |       40391      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1300761                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       46122      3.64%      3.64% |       39438      3.11%      6.75% |       39465      3.11%      9.86% |       39434      3.11%     12.97% |       39384      3.11%     16.08% |       39329      3.10%     19.18% |       39392      3.11%     22.28% |       39418      3.11%     25.39% |       39427      3.11%     28.50% |       39470      3.11%     31.62% |       39493      3.11%     34.73% |       39397      3.11%     37.84% |       39425      3.11%     40.95% |       39421      3.11%     44.06% |       39407      3.11%     47.16% |       39395      3.11%     50.27% |       39400      3.11%     53.38% |       39440      3.11%     56.49% |       39435      3.11%     59.60% |       39360      3.10%     62.70% |       39402      3.11%     65.81% |       39484      3.11%     68.92% |       39399      3.11%     72.03% |       39372      3.11%     75.14% |       39448      3.11%     78.25% |       39467      3.11%     81.36% |       39455      3.11%     84.47% |       39352      3.10%     87.57% |       39421      3.11%     90.68% |       39380      3.11%     93.79% |       39394      3.11%     96.90% |       39367      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1267993                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          87      7.46%      7.46% |          30      2.57%     10.03% |          44      3.77%     13.80% |          21      1.80%     15.60% |          32      2.74%     18.34% |          35      3.00%     21.34% |          33      2.83%     24.16% |          27      2.31%     26.48% |          30      2.57%     29.05% |          28      2.40%     31.45% |          49      4.20%     35.65% |          24      2.06%     37.70% |          25      2.14%     39.85% |          32      2.74%     42.59% |          38      3.26%     45.84% |          24      2.06%     47.90% |          27      2.31%     50.21% |          24      2.06%     52.27% |          49      4.20%     56.47% |          31      2.66%     59.13% |          50      4.28%     63.41% |          71      6.08%     69.49% |          47      4.03%     73.52% |          29      2.49%     76.01% |          32      2.74%     78.75% |          33      2.83%     81.58% |          42      3.60%     85.18% |          27      2.31%     87.49% |          29      2.49%     89.97% |          42      3.60%     93.57% |          44      3.77%     97.34% |          31      2.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         1167                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        1843      3.15%      3.15% |        1833      3.13%      6.28% |        1818      3.11%      9.38% |        1775      3.03%     12.42% |        1806      3.08%     15.50% |        1809      3.09%     18.59% |        1799      3.07%     21.66% |        1826      3.12%     24.78% |        1885      3.22%     28.00% |        1851      3.16%     31.16% |        1821      3.11%     34.28% |        1836      3.14%     37.41% |        1864      3.18%     40.60% |        1859      3.18%     43.77% |        1837      3.14%     46.91% |        1838      3.14%     50.05% |        1889      3.23%     53.27% |        1890      3.23%     56.50% |        1831      3.13%     59.63% |        1827      3.12%     62.75% |        1875      3.20%     65.95% |        1869      3.19%     69.15% |        1844      3.15%     72.30% |        1760      3.01%     75.30% |        1860      3.18%     78.48% |        1865      3.19%     81.67% |        1814      3.10%     84.76% |        1767      3.02%     87.78% |        1807      3.09%     90.87% |        1789      3.06%     93.92% |        1801      3.08%     97.00% |        1756      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        58544                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2564      3.17%      3.17% |        2622      3.24%      6.42% |        2570      3.18%      9.59% |        2560      3.17%     12.76% |        2523      3.12%     15.88% |        2554      3.16%     19.04% |        2551      3.16%     22.20% |        2566      3.17%     25.37% |        2539      3.14%     28.51% |        2518      3.11%     31.63% |        2477      3.06%     34.69% |        2535      3.14%     37.83% |        2490      3.08%     40.91% |        2525      3.12%     44.03% |        2473      3.06%     47.09% |        2463      3.05%     50.14% |        2455      3.04%     53.17% |        2507      3.10%     56.27% |        2479      3.07%     59.34% |        2497      3.09%     62.43% |        2493      3.08%     65.51% |        2509      3.10%     68.62% |        2472      3.06%     71.67% |        2436      3.01%     74.69% |        2517      3.11%     77.80% |        2617      3.24%     81.04% |        2560      3.17%     84.20% |        2539      3.14%     87.35% |        2539      3.14%     90.49% |        2603      3.22%     93.71% |        2572      3.18%     96.89% |        2516      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        80841                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2381      3.21%      3.21% |        2295      3.09%      6.30% |        2301      3.10%      9.40% |        2263      3.05%     12.45% |        2288      3.08%     15.53% |        2276      3.07%     18.60% |        2288      3.08%     21.68% |        2342      3.16%     24.84% |        2352      3.17%     28.01% |        2318      3.12%     31.13% |        2325      3.13%     34.27% |        2327      3.14%     37.40% |        2366      3.19%     40.59% |        2344      3.16%     43.75% |        2348      3.16%     46.91% |        2316      3.12%     50.03% |        2361      3.18%     53.21% |        2378      3.20%     56.42% |        2314      3.12%     59.54% |        2268      3.06%     62.59% |        2302      3.10%     65.69% |        2368      3.19%     68.89% |        2311      3.11%     72.00% |        2201      2.97%     74.96% |        2371      3.19%     78.16% |        2396      3.23%     81.39% |        2344      3.16%     84.55% |        2252      3.03%     87.58% |        2315      3.12%     90.70% |        2317      3.12%     93.82% |        2325      3.13%     96.96% |        2259      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        74212                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        1843      3.15%      3.15% |        1833      3.13%      6.28% |        1818      3.11%      9.38% |        1775      3.03%     12.42% |        1806      3.08%     15.50% |        1809      3.09%     18.59% |        1799      3.07%     21.66% |        1825      3.12%     24.78% |        1885      3.22%     28.00% |        1851      3.16%     31.16% |        1821      3.11%     34.27% |        1836      3.14%     37.41% |        1864      3.18%     40.59% |        1859      3.18%     43.77% |        1837      3.14%     46.91% |        1838      3.14%     50.05% |        1889      3.23%     53.27% |        1890      3.23%     56.50% |        1831      3.13%     59.63% |        1827      3.12%     62.75% |        1875      3.20%     65.95% |        1869      3.19%     69.14% |        1844      3.15%     72.29% |        1760      3.01%     75.30% |        1860      3.18%     78.48% |        1867      3.19%     81.67% |        1814      3.10%     84.77% |        1767      3.02%     87.78% |        1807      3.09%     90.87% |        1789      3.06%     93.93% |        1801      3.08%     97.00% |        1755      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        58544                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      152256      5.71%      5.71% |       82233      3.08%      8.79% |       81081      3.04%     11.83% |       81734      3.06%     14.89% |       80885      3.03%     17.92% |       80461      3.02%     20.94% |       80489      3.02%     23.95% |       80200      3.01%     26.96% |       80465      3.02%     29.98% |       81643      3.06%     33.04% |       82874      3.11%     36.14% |       81661      3.06%     39.20% |       81124      3.04%     42.24% |       79894      2.99%     45.24% |       79431      2.98%     48.21% |       79845      2.99%     51.21% |       81149      3.04%     54.25% |       80558      3.02%     57.27% |       81424      3.05%     60.32% |       81206      3.04%     63.36% |       80845      3.03%     66.39% |       83207      3.12%     69.51% |       81237      3.04%     72.55% |       80702      3.02%     75.58% |       80772      3.03%     78.61% |       81014      3.04%     81.64% |       80903      3.03%     84.67% |       80463      3.02%     87.69% |       80675      3.02%     90.71% |       80130      3.00%     93.72% |       82897      3.11%     96.82% |       84741      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2668199                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         174     11.42%     11.42% |          48      3.15%     14.57% |          44      2.89%     17.45% |          44      2.89%     20.34% |          40      2.62%     22.97% |          42      2.76%     25.72% |          44      2.89%     28.61% |          44      2.89%     31.50% |          44      2.89%     34.38% |          46      3.02%     37.40% |          42      2.76%     40.16% |          42      2.76%     42.91% |          42      2.76%     45.67% |          42      2.76%     48.43% |          42      2.76%     51.18% |          42      2.76%     53.94% |          42      2.76%     56.69% |          44      2.89%     59.58% |          44      2.89%     62.47% |          44      2.89%     65.35% |          44      2.89%     68.24% |          46      3.02%     71.26% |          44      2.89%     74.15% |          42      2.76%     76.90% |          44      2.89%     79.79% |          46      3.02%     82.81% |          44      2.89%     85.70% |          42      2.76%     88.45% |          42      2.76%     91.21% |          44      2.89%     94.09% |          44      2.89%     96.98% |          46      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1524                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         470      3.24%      3.24% |         417      2.88%      6.12% |         426      2.94%      9.06% |         421      2.90%     11.96% |         431      2.97%     14.93% |         407      2.81%     17.74% |         430      2.97%     20.71% |         475      3.28%     23.98% |         447      3.08%     27.07% |         432      2.98%     30.05% |         459      3.17%     33.21% |         460      3.17%     36.38% |         488      3.37%     39.75% |         469      3.23%     42.99% |         480      3.31%     46.30% |         469      3.23%     49.53% |         480      3.31%     52.84% |         484      3.34%     56.18% |         481      3.32%     59.50% |         449      3.10%     62.59% |         437      3.01%     65.61% |         463      3.19%     68.80% |         425      2.93%     71.73% |         427      2.95%     74.68% |         475      3.28%     77.96% |         498      3.43%     81.39% |         475      3.28%     84.67% |         429      2.96%     87.63% |         450      3.10%     90.73% |         463      3.19%     93.92% |         457      3.15%     97.08% |         424      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        14498                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       24681      4.23%      4.23% |       18099      3.10%      7.33% |       18117      3.10%     10.43% |       18081      3.10%     13.53% |       18037      3.09%     16.62% |       17996      3.08%     19.70% |       18035      3.09%     22.79% |       18024      3.09%     25.88% |       18050      3.09%     28.97% |       18108      3.10%     32.07% |       18120      3.10%     35.17% |       17998      3.08%     38.26% |       18014      3.09%     41.34% |       18033      3.09%     44.43% |       18010      3.08%     47.52% |       18009      3.08%     50.60% |       17994      3.08%     53.68% |       18024      3.09%     56.77% |       18024      3.09%     59.86% |       17985      3.08%     62.94% |       18017      3.09%     66.02% |       18059      3.09%     69.12% |       18054      3.09%     72.21% |       18019      3.09%     75.30% |       18037      3.09%     78.39% |       18043      3.09%     81.48% |       18044      3.09%     84.57% |       18006      3.08%     87.65% |       18052      3.09%     90.74% |       17997      3.08%     93.83% |       18007      3.08%     96.91% |       18030      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       583804                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       21995      3.13%      3.13% |       21946      3.12%      6.26% |       21946      3.12%      9.38% |       21956      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21950      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21954      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21947      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21956      3.13%     56.25% |       21954      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21972      3.13%     65.63% |       21986      3.13%     68.75% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21960      3.13%     84.38% |       21942      3.12%     87.50% |       21943      3.12%     90.63% |       21944      3.12%     93.75% |       21954      3.13%     96.88% |       21937      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       702460                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.67%      6.67% |           1      6.67%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           1      6.67%     20.00% |           1      6.67%     26.67% |           1      6.67%     33.33% |           1      6.67%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           2     13.33%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           2     13.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      6.67%     73.33% |           0      0.00%     73.33% |           0      0.00%     73.33% |           0      0.00%     73.33% |           1      6.67%     80.00% |           1      6.67%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           1      6.67%     93.33% |           1      6.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total           15                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3380      3.10%      3.10% |        3265      3.00%      6.10% |        2996      2.75%      8.85% |        3066      2.82%     11.67% |        3043      2.79%     14.47% |        3558      3.27%     17.73% |        3265      3.00%     20.73% |        2812      2.58%     23.31% |        3062      2.81%     26.13% |        4674      4.29%     30.42% |        3411      3.13%     33.55% |        3329      3.06%     36.61% |        2989      2.75%     39.35% |        3914      3.59%     42.95% |        3345      3.07%     46.02% |        3310      3.04%     49.06% |        3632      3.34%     52.40% |        3663      3.36%     55.76% |        3162      2.90%     58.67% |        2880      2.65%     61.31% |        2631      2.42%     63.73% |        3271      3.00%     66.73% |        3086      2.83%     69.57% |        2926      2.69%     72.25% |        3121      2.87%     75.12% |        3218      2.96%     78.08% |        2761      2.54%     80.61% |        4179      3.84%     84.45% |        3520      3.23%     87.68% |        4763      4.37%     92.06% |        4635      4.26%     96.31% |        4014      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108881                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        4005      3.06%      3.06% |        4126      3.15%      6.22% |        4098      3.13%      9.35% |        4252      3.25%     12.60% |        4089      3.13%     15.73% |        4157      3.18%     18.90% |        4160      3.18%     22.08% |        4176      3.19%     25.28% |        4019      3.07%     28.35% |        4016      3.07%     31.42% |        4073      3.11%     34.53% |        4351      3.33%     37.86% |        4210      3.22%     41.08% |        4159      3.18%     44.26% |        4153      3.18%     47.43% |        4043      3.09%     50.52% |        3913      2.99%     53.52% |        4041      3.09%     56.60% |        4076      3.12%     59.72% |        4225      3.23%     62.95% |        4163      3.18%     66.13% |        4094      3.13%     69.26% |        3957      3.03%     72.29% |        3898      2.98%     75.27% |        3828      2.93%     78.20% |        4156      3.18%     81.37% |        4083      3.12%     84.49% |        4058      3.10%     87.60% |        4054      3.10%     90.70% |        4108      3.14%     93.84% |        4090      3.13%     96.96% |        3972      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total       130803                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      4.00%      4.00% |           4     16.00%     20.00% |           2      8.00%     28.00% |           4     16.00%     44.00% |           1      4.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           1      4.00%     52.00% |           1      4.00%     56.00% |           0      0.00%     56.00% |           4     16.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           5     20.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           1      4.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |          17      3.58%      3.58% |           9      1.89%      5.47% |          15      3.16%      8.63% |          10      2.11%     10.74% |          12      2.53%     13.26% |          14      2.95%     16.21% |           9      1.89%     18.11% |          17      3.58%     21.68% |          21      4.42%     26.11% |          10      2.11%     28.21% |          13      2.74%     30.95% |          17      3.58%     34.53% |          18      3.79%     38.32% |          13      2.74%     41.05% |          14      2.95%     44.00% |          12      2.53%     46.53% |          20      4.21%     50.74% |          13      2.74%     53.47% |          10      2.11%     55.58% |          14      2.95%     58.53% |          20      4.21%     62.74% |          14      2.95%     65.68% |           8      1.68%     67.37% |          13      2.74%     70.11% |          22      4.63%     74.74% |          20      4.21%     78.95% |          13      2.74%     81.68% |          24      5.05%     86.74% |           7      1.47%     88.21% |          27      5.68%     93.89% |          17      3.58%     97.47% |          12      2.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total          475                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2276      3.19%      3.19% |        2211      3.10%      6.29% |        2219      3.11%      9.41% |        2178      3.06%     12.46% |        2214      3.11%     15.57% |        2184      3.06%     18.63% |        2202      3.09%     21.72% |        2262      3.17%     24.89% |        2264      3.18%     28.07% |        2226      3.12%     31.19% |        2216      3.11%     34.30% |        2230      3.13%     37.43% |        2276      3.19%     40.62% |        2246      3.15%     43.77% |        2240      3.14%     46.91% |        2220      3.11%     50.03% |        2271      3.19%     53.21% |        2292      3.22%     56.43% |        2238      3.14%     59.57% |        2196      3.08%     62.65% |        2225      3.12%     65.77% |        2248      3.15%     68.92% |        2195      3.08%     72.00% |        2117      2.97%     74.97% |        2280      3.20%     78.17% |        2314      3.25%     81.42% |        2256      3.16%     84.58% |        2167      3.04%     87.62% |        2221      3.12%     90.74% |        2225      3.12%     93.86% |        2230      3.13%     96.99% |        2148      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        71287                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.15%      5.15% |           8      8.25%     13.40% |           7      7.22%     20.62% |           8      8.25%     28.87% |           2      2.06%     30.93% |           6      6.19%     37.11% |           5      5.15%     42.27% |           1      1.03%     43.30% |           0      0.00%     43.30% |           1      1.03%     44.33% |           3      3.09%     47.42% |           3      3.09%     50.52% |           4      4.12%     54.64% |           0      0.00%     54.64% |           7      7.22%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           1      1.03%     62.89% |          11     11.34%     74.23% |           4      4.12%     78.35% |           1      1.03%     79.38% |           0      0.00%     79.38% |           2      2.06%     81.44% |           2      2.06%     83.51% |           4      4.12%     87.63% |           5      5.15%     92.78% |           2      2.06%     94.85% |           1      1.03%     95.88% |           2      2.06%     97.94% |           0      0.00%     97.94% |           1      1.03%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       86385      8.22%      8.22% |       31885      3.04%     11.26% |       30909      2.94%     14.20% |       31540      3.00%     17.21% |       31041      2.96%     20.16% |       30749      2.93%     23.09% |       30396      2.89%     25.98% |       30450      2.90%     28.88% |       30594      2.91%     31.80% |       31039      2.96%     34.75% |       32927      3.14%     37.89% |       31855      3.03%     40.92% |       31210      2.97%     43.89% |       30357      2.89%     46.78% |       29871      2.84%     49.62% |       30245      2.88%     52.50% |       31371      2.99%     55.49% |       30746      2.93%     58.42% |       31199      2.97%     61.39% |       31105      2.96%     64.35% |       31004      2.95%     67.30% |       32196      3.07%     70.37% |       31297      2.98%     73.35% |       30727      2.93%     76.27% |       30794      2.93%     79.21% |       30996      2.95%     82.16% |       30643      2.92%     85.07% |       30373      2.89%     87.97% |       30863      2.94%     90.90% |       30306      2.89%     93.79% |       30979      2.95%     96.74% |       34247      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      1050299                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       18378      5.99%      5.99% |        9497      3.10%      9.09% |        9317      3.04%     12.12% |        9412      3.07%     15.19% |        9139      2.98%     18.17% |        8994      2.93%     21.10% |        9350      3.05%     24.15% |        9022      2.94%     27.09% |        9065      2.96%     30.05% |        9732      3.17%     33.22% |        9133      2.98%     36.20% |        9119      2.97%     39.17% |        9226      3.01%     42.18% |        8797      2.87%     45.05% |        8866      2.89%     47.94% |        8875      2.89%     50.83% |        9063      2.95%     53.79% |        9032      2.94%     56.73% |        9429      3.07%     59.80% |        9418      3.07%     62.87% |        9085      2.96%     65.84% |       10179      3.32%     69.15% |        9155      2.98%     72.14% |        9204      3.00%     75.14% |        9171      2.99%     78.13% |        9205      3.00%     81.13% |        9439      3.08%     84.21% |        9382      3.06%     87.27% |        9055      2.95%     90.22% |        9101      2.97%     93.18% |       11172      3.64%     96.83% |        9735      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       306747                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       28151      4.02%      4.02% |       21648      3.09%      7.12% |       21652      3.09%     10.21% |       21674      3.10%     13.31% |       21643      3.09%     16.40% |       21635      3.09%     19.50% |       21644      3.09%     22.59% |       21661      3.10%     25.69% |       21669      3.10%     28.78% |       21673      3.10%     31.88% |       21657      3.10%     34.98% |       21677      3.10%     38.08% |       21654      3.10%     41.17% |       21648      3.09%     44.27% |       21643      3.09%     47.36% |       21655      3.10%     50.46% |       21678      3.10%     53.55% |       21672      3.10%     56.65% |       21643      3.09%     59.75% |       21667      3.10%     62.84% |       21663      3.10%     65.94% |       21654      3.10%     69.03% |       21652      3.09%     72.13% |       21674      3.10%     75.23% |       21682      3.10%     78.33% |       21678      3.10%     81.42% |       21668      3.10%     84.52% |       21671      3.10%     87.62% |       21671      3.10%     90.72% |       21646      3.09%     93.81% |       21648      3.09%     96.91% |       21647      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       699598                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       15470      3.14%      3.14% |       15441      3.14%      6.28% |       15446      3.14%      9.42% |       15454      3.14%     12.56% |       15401      3.13%     15.68% |       15362      3.12%     18.80% |       15405      3.13%     21.93% |       15365      3.12%     25.05% |       15354      3.12%     28.17% |       15428      3.13%     31.31% |       15441      3.14%     34.44% |       15348      3.12%     37.56% |       15359      3.12%     40.68% |       15376      3.12%     43.80% |       15357      3.12%     46.92% |       15379      3.12%     50.05% |       15313      3.11%     53.16% |       15344      3.12%     56.27% |       15407      3.13%     59.40% |       15372      3.12%     62.53% |       15365      3.12%     65.65% |       15368      3.12%     68.77% |       15367      3.12%     71.89% |       15447      3.14%     75.03% |       15341      3.12%     78.14% |       15339      3.12%     81.26% |       15379      3.12%     84.38% |       15382      3.12%     87.51% |       15385      3.13%     90.63% |       15353      3.12%     93.75% |       15355      3.12%     96.87% |       15406      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       492309                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        1843      3.15%      3.15% |        1833      3.13%      6.28% |        1818      3.11%      9.38% |        1775      3.03%     12.42% |        1806      3.08%     15.50% |        1809      3.09%     18.59% |        1799      3.07%     21.66% |        1825      3.12%     24.78% |        1885      3.22%     28.00% |        1851      3.16%     31.16% |        1821      3.11%     34.27% |        1836      3.14%     37.41% |        1864      3.18%     40.59% |        1859      3.18%     43.77% |        1837      3.14%     46.91% |        1838      3.14%     50.05% |        1889      3.23%     53.27% |        1890      3.23%     56.50% |        1831      3.13%     59.63% |        1827      3.12%     62.75% |        1875      3.20%     65.95% |        1869      3.19%     69.14% |        1844      3.15%     72.29% |        1760      3.01%     75.30% |        1860      3.18%     78.48% |        1867      3.19%     81.67% |        1814      3.10%     84.77% |        1767      3.02%     87.78% |        1807      3.09%     90.87% |        1789      3.06%     93.93% |        1801      3.08%     97.00% |        1755      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        58544                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         821      3.21%      3.21% |         819      3.20%      6.41% |         803      3.14%      9.55% |         766      2.99%     12.54% |         755      2.95%     15.50% |         799      3.12%     18.62% |         796      3.11%     21.73% |         802      3.14%     24.87% |         830      3.24%     28.11% |         845      3.30%     31.42% |         787      3.08%     34.49% |         762      2.98%     37.47% |         765      2.99%     40.46% |         798      3.12%     43.58% |         775      3.03%     46.61% |         813      3.18%     49.79% |         804      3.14%     52.93% |         834      3.26%     56.19% |         830      3.24%     59.44% |         766      2.99%     62.43% |         790      3.09%     65.52% |         805      3.15%     68.67% |         794      3.10%     71.77% |         811      3.17%     74.94% |         824      3.22%     78.16% |         837      3.27%     81.43% |         825      3.23%     84.66% |         765      2.99%     87.65% |         771      3.01%     90.66% |         795      3.11%     93.77% |         794      3.10%     96.88% |         799      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total        25580                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      149288      5.79%      5.79% |       79362      3.08%      8.87% |       78229      3.04%     11.91% |       78969      3.06%     14.97% |       78115      3.03%     18.01% |       77630      3.01%     21.02% |       77675      3.01%     24.03% |       77367      3.00%     27.03% |       77525      3.01%     30.04% |       78730      3.06%     33.10% |       80005      3.10%     36.20% |       78831      3.06%     39.26% |       78283      3.04%     42.30% |       77017      2.99%     45.29% |       76574      2.97%     48.26% |       76988      2.99%     51.25% |       78237      3.04%     54.29% |       77636      3.01%     57.30% |       78535      3.05%     60.35% |       78409      3.04%     63.39% |       77966      3.03%     66.41% |       80255      3.11%     69.53% |       78339      3.04%     72.57% |       77936      3.02%     75.59% |       77866      3.02%     78.62% |       78105      3.03%     81.65% |       78027      3.03%     84.67% |       77708      3.02%     87.69% |       77875      3.02%     90.71% |       77311      3.00%     93.71% |       80061      3.11%     96.82% |       81947      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2576801                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      4.88%      4.88% |           1      2.44%      7.32% |           1      2.44%      9.76% |           2      4.88%     14.63% |           2      4.88%     19.51% |           0      0.00%     19.51% |           7     17.07%     36.59% |           2      4.88%     41.46% |           0      0.00%     41.46% |           0      0.00%     41.46% |           1      2.44%     43.90% |           1      2.44%     46.34% |           2      4.88%     51.22% |           2      4.88%     56.10% |           2      4.88%     60.98% |           0      0.00%     60.98% |           0      0.00%     60.98% |           1      2.44%     63.41% |           0      0.00%     63.41% |           1      2.44%     65.85% |           1      2.44%     68.29% |           2      4.88%     73.17% |           2      4.88%     78.05% |           2      4.88%     82.93% |           1      2.44%     85.37% |           3      7.32%     92.68% |           1      2.44%     95.12% |           1      2.44%     97.56% |           0      0.00%     97.56% |           1      2.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total           41                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |          15      2.74%      2.74% |          15      2.74%      5.48% |          20      3.66%      9.14% |          12      2.19%     11.33% |          10      1.83%     13.16% |          21      3.84%     17.00% |          20      3.66%     20.66% |          14      2.56%     23.22% |          14      2.56%     25.78% |          10      1.83%     27.61% |          30      5.48%     33.09% |          11      2.01%     35.10% |           8      1.46%     36.56% |          17      3.11%     39.67% |          22      4.02%     43.69% |          17      3.11%     46.80% |          11      2.01%     48.81% |          13      2.38%     51.19% |          22      4.02%     55.21% |          12      2.19%     57.40% |          13      2.38%     59.78% |          29      5.30%     65.08% |          28      5.12%     70.20% |          11      2.01%     72.21% |          16      2.93%     75.14% |          14      2.56%     77.70% |          19      3.47%     81.17% |          14      2.56%     83.73% |          16      2.93%     86.65% |          23      4.20%     90.86% |          28      5.12%     95.98% |          22      4.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          547                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         123      3.54%      3.54% |          97      2.79%      6.33% |         105      3.02%      9.36% |          93      2.68%     12.04% |          95      2.74%     14.77% |         104      2.99%     17.77% |          98      2.82%     20.59% |          94      2.71%     23.29% |         104      2.99%     26.29% |         109      3.14%     29.43% |         127      3.66%     33.08% |         110      3.17%     36.25% |         106      3.05%     39.30% |         113      3.25%     42.56% |         123      3.54%     46.10% |         103      2.97%     49.06% |         106      3.05%     52.12% |          97      2.79%     54.91% |         102      2.94%     57.85% |          91      2.62%     60.47% |         114      3.28%     63.75% |         162      4.66%     68.41% |         135      3.89%     72.30% |         102      2.94%     75.24% |         106      3.05%     78.29% |          96      2.76%     81.05% |         111      3.20%     84.25% |          98      2.82%     87.07% |         107      3.08%     90.15% |         111      3.20%     93.35% |         111      3.20%     96.54% |         120      3.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         3473                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          21     28.77%     28.77% |           0      0.00%     28.77% |           0      0.00%     28.77% |           0      0.00%     28.77% |           0      0.00%     28.77% |           0      0.00%     28.77% |           0      0.00%     28.77% |           0      0.00%     28.77% |           0      0.00%     28.77% |           0      0.00%     28.77% |           0      0.00%     28.77% |           0      0.00%     28.77% |           0      0.00%     28.77% |           0      0.00%     28.77% |           0      0.00%     28.77% |           0      0.00%     28.77% |           0      0.00%     28.77% |           0      0.00%     28.77% |           0      0.00%     28.77% |           0      0.00%     28.77% |           0      0.00%     28.77% |          14     19.18%     47.95% |          22     30.14%     78.08% |          16     21.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           73                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.93%      0.93% |           0      0.00%      0.93% |           1      0.93%      1.85% |           0      0.00%      1.85% |           0      0.00%      1.85% |           1      0.93%      2.78% |           0      0.00%      2.78% |           1      0.93%      3.70% |          24     22.22%     25.93% |           2      1.85%     27.78% |           3      2.78%     30.56% |           2      1.85%     32.41% |           0      0.00%     32.41% |           2      1.85%     34.26% |           0      0.00%     34.26% |           1      0.93%     35.19% |           0      0.00%     35.19% |           0      0.00%     35.19% |           0      0.00%     35.19% |          46     42.59%     77.78% |          13     12.04%     89.81% |           2      1.85%     91.67% |           3      2.78%     94.44% |           1      0.93%     95.37% |           3      2.78%     98.15% |           0      0.00%     98.15% |           1      0.93%     99.07% |           0      0.00%     99.07% |           1      0.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          108                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          22     91.67%     91.67% |           2      8.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           24                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       46122      3.64%      3.64% |       39438      3.11%      6.75% |       39465      3.11%      9.86% |       39434      3.11%     12.97% |       39384      3.11%     16.08% |       39329      3.10%     19.18% |       39392      3.11%     22.28% |       39418      3.11%     25.39% |       39427      3.11%     28.50% |       39470      3.11%     31.62% |       39493      3.11%     34.73% |       39397      3.11%     37.84% |       39425      3.11%     40.95% |       39421      3.11%     44.06% |       39407      3.11%     47.16% |       39395      3.11%     50.27% |       39400      3.11%     53.38% |       39440      3.11%     56.49% |       39435      3.11%     59.60% |       39360      3.10%     62.70% |       39402      3.11%     65.81% |       39484      3.11%     68.92% |       39399      3.11%     72.03% |       39372      3.11%     75.14% |       39448      3.11%     78.25% |       39467      3.11%     81.36% |       39455      3.11%     84.47% |       39352      3.10%     87.57% |       39421      3.11%     90.68% |       39380      3.11%     93.79% |       39394      3.11%     96.90% |       39367      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1267993                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           1     14.29%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           2     28.57%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1     14.29%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          66     11.81%     11.81% |          13      2.33%     14.13% |          19      3.40%     17.53% |          11      1.97%     19.50% |           9      1.61%     21.11% |          19      3.40%     24.51% |          19      3.40%     27.91% |          13      2.33%     30.23% |          12      2.15%     32.38% |           9      1.61%     33.99% |          27      4.83%     38.82% |          11      1.97%     40.79% |           8      1.43%     42.22% |          17      3.04%     45.26% |          22      3.94%     49.19% |          17      3.04%     52.24% |          11      1.97%     54.20% |          12      2.15%     56.35% |          21      3.76%     60.11% |          12      2.15%     62.25% |          12      2.15%     64.40% |          25      4.47%     68.87% |          25      4.47%     73.35% |          11      1.97%     75.31% |          15      2.68%     78.00% |          13      2.33%     80.32% |          18      3.22%     83.54% |          12      2.15%     85.69% |          13      2.33%     88.01% |          21      3.76%     91.77% |          26      4.65%     96.42% |          20      3.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          559                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      7.14%      7.14% |           2      4.76%     11.90% |           1      2.38%     14.29% |           1      2.38%     16.67% |           1      2.38%     19.05% |           2      4.76%     23.81% |           1      2.38%     26.19% |           1      2.38%     28.57% |           2      4.76%     33.33% |           1      2.38%     35.71% |           3      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1      2.38%     45.24% |           1      2.38%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           1      2.38%     50.00% |           4      9.52%     59.52% |           3      7.14%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      2.38%     69.05% |           1      2.38%     71.43% |           1      2.38%     73.81% |           2      4.76%     78.57% |           3      7.14%     85.71% |           2      4.76%     90.48% |           2      4.76%     95.24% |           2      4.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           42                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     15.38%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |          11     84.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     17.39%     17.39% |          19     82.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           1     12.50%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           1     12.50%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     12.50%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1     12.50%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |          21      3.47%      3.47% |          17      2.81%      6.27% |          25      4.13%     10.40% |          10      1.65%     12.05% |          23      3.80%     15.84% |          16      2.64%     18.48% |          14      2.31%     20.79% |          14      2.31%     23.10% |          18      2.97%     26.07% |          19      3.14%     29.21% |          22      3.63%     32.84% |          13      2.15%     34.98% |          17      2.81%     37.79% |          15      2.48%     40.26% |          16      2.64%     42.90% |           7      1.16%     44.06% |          16      2.64%     46.70% |          12      1.98%     48.68% |          28      4.62%     53.30% |          19      3.14%     56.44% |          38      6.27%     62.71% |          46      7.59%     70.30% |          22      3.63%     73.93% |          18      2.97%     76.90% |          17      2.81%     79.70% |          18      2.97%     82.67% |          24      3.96%     86.63% |          15      2.48%     89.11% |          16      2.64%     91.75% |          21      3.47%     95.21% |          18      2.97%     98.18% |          11      1.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          606                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         102      3.56%      3.56% |          80      2.79%      6.35% |          80      2.79%      9.14% |          83      2.90%     12.04% |          72      2.51%     14.55% |          88      3.07%     17.63% |          84      2.93%     20.56% |          79      2.76%     23.32% |          86      3.00%     26.32% |          90      3.14%     29.46% |         105      3.66%     33.12% |          97      3.39%     36.51% |          89      3.11%     39.62% |          98      3.42%     43.04% |         107      3.73%     46.77% |          96      3.35%     50.12% |          90      3.14%     53.26% |          85      2.97%     56.23% |          74      2.58%     58.81% |          72      2.51%     61.33% |          76      2.65%     63.98% |         116      4.05%     68.03% |         113      3.94%     71.97% |          84      2.93%     74.90% |          89      3.11%     78.01% |          78      2.72%     80.73% |          87      3.04%     83.77% |          83      2.90%     86.67% |          91      3.18%     89.84% |          90      3.14%     92.98% |          93      3.25%     96.23% |         108      3.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         2865                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        2564      3.17%      3.17% |        2622      3.24%      6.42% |        2570      3.18%      9.59% |        2560      3.17%     12.76% |        2523      3.12%     15.88% |        2554      3.16%     19.04% |        2551      3.16%     22.20% |        2566      3.17%     25.37% |        2539      3.14%     28.51% |        2518      3.11%     31.63% |        2477      3.06%     34.69% |        2535      3.14%     37.83% |        2490      3.08%     40.91% |        2525      3.12%     44.03% |        2473      3.06%     47.09% |        2463      3.05%     50.14% |        2455      3.04%     53.17% |        2507      3.10%     56.27% |        2479      3.07%     59.34% |        2497      3.09%     62.43% |        2493      3.08%     65.51% |        2509      3.10%     68.62% |        2472      3.06%     71.68% |        2436      3.01%     74.69% |        2517      3.11%     77.80% |        2615      3.23%     81.04% |        2560      3.17%     84.20% |        2539      3.14%     87.35% |        2539      3.14%     90.49% |        2603      3.22%     93.71% |        2572      3.18%     96.89% |        2516      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        80839                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2276      3.19%      3.19% |        2211      3.10%      6.29% |        2219      3.11%      9.41% |        2178      3.06%     12.46% |        2214      3.11%     15.57% |        2184      3.06%     18.63% |        2202      3.09%     21.72% |        2262      3.17%     24.89% |        2264      3.18%     28.07% |        2226      3.12%     31.19% |        2216      3.11%     34.30% |        2230      3.13%     37.43% |        2276      3.19%     40.62% |        2246      3.15%     43.77% |        2240      3.14%     46.91% |        2220      3.11%     50.03% |        2271      3.19%     53.21% |        2292      3.22%     56.43% |        2238      3.14%     59.57% |        2196      3.08%     62.65% |        2225      3.12%     65.77% |        2248      3.15%     68.92% |        2195      3.08%     72.00% |        2117      2.97%     74.97% |        2280      3.20%     78.17% |        2314      3.25%     81.42% |        2256      3.16%     84.58% |        2167      3.04%     87.62% |        2221      3.12%     90.74% |        2225      3.12%     93.86% |        2230      3.13%     96.99% |        2148      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        71287                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           6      0.81%      0.81% |          17      2.31%      3.12% |          17      2.31%      5.43% |          26      3.53%      8.96% |          28      3.80%     12.75% |          27      3.66%     16.42% |          39      5.29%     21.71% |          41      5.56%     27.27% |          28      3.80%     31.07% |          36      4.88%     35.96% |          32      4.34%     40.30% |          36      4.88%     45.18% |          42      5.70%     50.88% |          34      4.61%     55.50% |          37      5.02%     60.52% |          38      5.16%     65.67% |          33      4.48%     70.15% |          34      4.61%     74.76% |          21      2.85%     77.61% |          20      2.71%     80.33% |          23      3.12%     83.45% |          18      2.44%     85.89% |           7      0.95%     86.84% |           9      1.22%     88.06% |          15      2.04%     90.09% |          17      2.31%     92.40% |           9      1.22%     93.62% |           6      0.81%     94.44% |          11      1.49%     95.93% |          13      1.76%     97.69% |          10      1.36%     99.05% |           7      0.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total          737                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       24675      4.23%      4.23% |       18082      3.10%      7.33% |       18100      3.10%     10.44% |       18055      3.10%     13.53% |       18009      3.09%     16.62% |       17969      3.08%     19.70% |       17996      3.09%     22.79% |       17983      3.08%     25.88% |       18022      3.09%     28.97% |       18072      3.10%     32.07% |       18088      3.10%     35.17% |       17962      3.08%     38.25% |       17972      3.08%     41.33% |       17999      3.09%     44.42% |       17973      3.08%     47.50% |       17971      3.08%     50.58% |       17961      3.08%     53.66% |       17990      3.09%     56.75% |       18003      3.09%     59.84% |       17965      3.08%     62.92% |       17994      3.09%     66.00% |       18041      3.09%     69.10% |       18047      3.10%     72.19% |       18010      3.09%     75.28% |       18022      3.09%     78.37% |       18026      3.09%     81.46% |       18035      3.09%     84.56% |       18000      3.09%     87.64% |       18041      3.09%     90.74% |       17984      3.08%     93.82% |       17997      3.09%     96.91% |       18023      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       583067                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         476      3.12%      3.12% |         434      2.85%      5.97% |         443      2.91%      8.88% |         447      2.93%     11.82% |         459      3.01%     14.83% |         434      2.85%     17.68% |         469      3.08%     20.76% |         516      3.39%     24.14% |         475      3.12%     27.26% |         468      3.07%     30.33% |         491      3.22%     33.56% |         496      3.26%     36.81% |         530      3.48%     40.29% |         503      3.30%     43.59% |         517      3.39%     46.99% |         507      3.33%     50.32% |         513      3.37%     53.68% |         518      3.40%     57.08% |         502      3.30%     60.38% |         469      3.08%     63.46% |         460      3.02%     66.48% |         481      3.16%     69.63% |         432      2.84%     72.47% |         436      2.86%     75.33% |         490      3.22%     78.55% |         515      3.38%     81.93% |         484      3.18%     85.11% |         434      2.85%     87.95% |         461      3.03%     90.98% |         476      3.12%     94.11% |         467      3.07%     97.17% |         431      2.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15234                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.57%      3.57% |           3     10.71%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           1      3.57%     17.86% |           0      0.00%     17.86% |           3     10.71%     28.57% |           2      7.14%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           1      3.57%     39.29% |           0      0.00%     39.29% |           0      0.00%     39.29% |           0      0.00%     39.29% |           1      3.57%     42.86% |           3     10.71%     53.57% |           4     14.29%     67.86% |           0      0.00%     67.86% |           1      3.57%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           3     10.71%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           2      7.14%     89.29% |           1      3.57%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total           28                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       21995      3.13%      3.13% |       21946      3.12%      6.26% |       21946      3.12%      9.38% |       21956      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21950      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21954      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21947      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21956      3.13%     56.25% |       21954      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21972      3.13%     65.63% |       21986      3.13%     68.75% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21960      3.13%     84.38% |       21942      3.12%     87.50% |       21943      3.12%     90.63% |       21944      3.12%     93.75% |       21954      3.13%     96.88% |       21937      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       702460                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.35%      4.35% |           4      8.70%     13.04% |           6     13.04%     26.09% |           5     10.87%     36.96% |           1      2.17%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           1      2.17%     41.30% |           1      2.17%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           4      8.70%     52.17% |           0      0.00%     52.17% |           5     10.87%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           9     19.57%     82.61% |           2      4.35%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           1      2.17%     89.13% |           0      0.00%     89.13% |           1      2.17%     91.30% |           1      2.17%     93.48% |           2      4.35%     97.83% |           0      0.00%     97.83% |           1      2.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           46                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |          16      2.20%      2.20% |          20      2.75%      4.96% |          17      2.34%      7.30% |          16      2.20%      9.50% |          12      1.65%     11.16% |          30      4.13%     15.29% |          16      2.20%     17.49% |          31      4.27%     21.76% |          26      3.58%     25.34% |          21      2.89%     28.24% |          18      2.48%     30.72% |          24      3.31%     34.02% |          19      2.62%     36.64% |          32      4.41%     41.05% |          28      3.86%     44.90% |          26      3.58%     48.48% |          21      2.89%     51.38% |          19      2.62%     53.99% |          16      2.20%     56.20% |          32      4.41%     60.61% |          32      4.41%     65.01% |          18      2.48%     67.49% |          24      3.31%     70.80% |          23      3.17%     73.97% |          24      3.31%     77.27% |          29      3.99%     81.27% |          20      2.75%     84.02% |          28      3.86%     87.88% |          22      3.03%     90.91% |          29      3.99%     94.90% |          21      2.89%     97.80% |          16      2.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total          726                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |           2     16.67%     16.67% |           1      8.33%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      8.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      8.33%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           1      8.33%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      8.33%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           1      8.33%     66.67% |           1      8.33%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           3     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           1      1.09%      1.09% |           1      1.09%      2.17% |           4      4.35%      6.52% |           2      2.17%      8.70% |           3      3.26%     11.96% |           3      3.26%     15.22% |           1      1.09%     16.30% |           2      2.17%     18.48% |          10     10.87%     29.35% |           1      1.09%     30.43% |           3      3.26%     33.70% |           2      2.17%     35.87% |           4      4.35%     40.22% |           4      4.35%     44.57% |           2      2.17%     46.74% |           2      2.17%     48.91% |           2      2.17%     51.09% |           1      1.09%     52.17% |           4      4.35%     56.52% |           3      3.26%     59.78% |           2      2.17%     61.96% |           5      5.43%     67.39% |           2      2.17%     69.57% |           6      6.52%     76.09% |           1      1.09%     77.17% |           3      3.26%     80.43% |           3      3.26%     83.70% |           6      6.52%     90.22% |           2      2.17%     92.39% |           1      1.09%     93.48% |           5      5.43%     98.91% |           1      1.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total           92                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      152254      5.71%      5.71% |       82229      3.08%      8.79% |       81075      3.04%     11.83% |       81729      3.06%     14.89% |       80884      3.03%     17.92% |       80461      3.02%     20.94% |       80489      3.02%     23.95% |       80200      3.01%     26.96% |       80465      3.02%     29.98% |       81642      3.06%     33.04% |       82873      3.11%     36.14% |       81661      3.06%     39.20% |       81120      3.04%     42.24% |       79894      2.99%     45.24% |       79426      2.98%     48.21% |       79845      2.99%     51.21% |       81149      3.04%     54.25% |       80558      3.02%     57.27% |       81415      3.05%     60.32% |       81204      3.04%     63.36% |       80845      3.03%     66.39% |       83207      3.12%     69.51% |       81237      3.04%     72.55% |       80702      3.02%     75.58% |       80771      3.03%     78.61% |       81014      3.04%     81.64% |       80902      3.03%     84.67% |       80462      3.02%     87.69% |       80673      3.02%     90.71% |       80130      3.00%     93.72% |       82896      3.11%     96.82% |       84741      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2668153                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |          13      3.51%      3.51% |           7      1.89%      5.41% |           7      1.89%      7.30% |           6      1.62%      8.92% |          11      2.97%     11.89% |          12      3.24%     15.14% |           7      1.89%     17.03% |           9      2.43%     19.46% |          17      4.59%     24.05% |           8      2.16%     26.22% |           9      2.43%     28.65% |          11      2.97%     31.62% |          13      3.51%     35.14% |          12      3.24%     38.38% |          12      3.24%     41.62% |           8      2.16%     43.78% |          15      4.05%     47.84% |          12      3.24%     51.08% |           9      2.43%     53.51% |          12      3.24%     56.76% |          16      4.32%     61.08% |          11      2.97%     64.05% |           8      2.16%     66.22% |          10      2.70%     68.92% |          18      4.86%     73.78% |          19      5.14%     78.92% |          10      2.70%     81.62% |          21      5.68%     87.30% |           7      1.89%     89.19% |          19      5.14%     94.32% |          13      3.51%     97.84% |           8      2.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total          370                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        1812      3.21%      3.21% |        1805      3.20%      6.41% |        1754      3.11%      9.52% |        1728      3.06%     12.58% |        1754      3.11%     15.69% |        1725      3.06%     18.75% |        1711      3.03%     21.78% |        1761      3.12%     24.90% |        1758      3.12%     28.01% |        1773      3.14%     31.16% |        1738      3.08%     34.24% |        1799      3.19%     37.42% |        1819      3.22%     40.65% |        1781      3.16%     43.80% |        1766      3.13%     46.93% |        1792      3.18%     50.11% |        1786      3.17%     53.27% |        1815      3.22%     56.49% |        1748      3.10%     59.59% |        1774      3.14%     62.73% |        1783      3.16%     65.89% |        1786      3.17%     69.06% |        1765      3.13%     72.19% |        1705      3.02%     75.21% |        1804      3.20%     78.40% |        1806      3.20%     81.60% |        1744      3.09%     84.70% |        1716      3.04%     87.74% |        1756      3.11%     90.85% |        1717      3.04%     93.89% |        1752      3.10%     97.00% |        1695      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        56428                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          31      1.47%      1.47% |          28      1.32%      2.79% |          64      3.03%      5.82% |          47      2.22%      8.04% |          52      2.46%     10.50% |          84      3.97%     14.47% |          88      4.16%     18.64% |          64      3.03%     21.67% |         127      6.01%     27.67% |          78      3.69%     31.36% |          83      3.93%     35.29% |          37      1.75%     37.04% |          45      2.13%     39.17% |          78      3.69%     42.86% |          71      3.36%     46.22% |          46      2.18%     48.39% |         103      4.87%     53.26% |          75      3.55%     56.81% |          83      3.93%     60.74% |          53      2.51%     63.25% |          92      4.35%     67.60% |          83      3.93%     71.52% |          79      3.74%     75.26% |          55      2.60%     77.86% |          56      2.65%     80.51% |          59      2.79%     83.30% |          70      3.31%     86.61% |          51      2.41%     89.03% |          51      2.41%     91.44% |          72      3.41%     94.84% |          49      2.32%     97.16% |          60      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         2114                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          31      1.47%      1.47% |          28      1.32%      2.79% |          64      3.03%      5.82% |          47      2.22%      8.04% |          52      2.46%     10.50% |          84      3.97%     14.47% |          88      4.16%     18.64% |          64      3.03%     21.67% |         127      6.01%     27.67% |          78      3.69%     31.36% |          83      3.93%     35.29% |          37      1.75%     37.04% |          45      2.13%     39.17% |          78      3.69%     42.86% |          71      3.36%     46.22% |          46      2.18%     48.39% |         103      4.87%     53.26% |          75      3.55%     56.81% |          83      3.93%     60.74% |          53      2.51%     63.25% |          92      4.35%     67.60% |          83      3.93%     71.52% |          79      3.74%     75.26% |          55      2.60%     77.86% |          56      2.65%     80.51% |          59      2.79%     83.30% |          70      3.31%     86.61% |          51      2.41%     89.03% |          51      2.41%     91.44% |          72      3.41%     94.84% |          49      2.32%     97.16% |          60      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         2114                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           0      0.00%     13.64% |           0      0.00%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           1      4.55%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           1      4.55%     40.91% |           2      9.09%     50.00% |           2      9.09%     59.09% |           2      9.09%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           2      9.09%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1812      3.21%      3.21% |        1805      3.20%      6.41% |        1754      3.11%      9.52% |        1728      3.06%     12.58% |        1754      3.11%     15.69% |        1725      3.06%     18.75% |        1711      3.03%     21.78% |        1761      3.12%     24.90% |        1758      3.12%     28.01% |        1773      3.14%     31.16% |        1738      3.08%     34.24% |        1799      3.19%     37.42% |        1819      3.22%     40.65% |        1781      3.16%     43.80% |        1766      3.13%     46.93% |        1792      3.18%     50.11% |        1786      3.16%     53.27% |        1815      3.22%     56.49% |        1748      3.10%     59.59% |        1774      3.14%     62.73% |        1783      3.16%     65.89% |        1786      3.16%     69.06% |        1765      3.13%     72.18% |        1705      3.02%     75.20% |        1804      3.20%     78.40% |        1808      3.20%     81.61% |        1744      3.09%     84.70% |        1716      3.04%     87.74% |        1756      3.11%     90.85% |        1717      3.04%     93.89% |        1752      3.10%     97.00% |        1695      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        56430                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      682933     19.84%     19.84% |     1721461     50.00%     69.84% |      120393      3.50%     73.33% |      135669      3.94%     77.27% |      115618      3.36%     80.63% |      118026      3.43%     84.06% |      189255      5.50%     89.56% |      130014      3.78%     93.33% |      116695      3.39%     96.72% |      112858      3.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      3442922                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      682933     19.84%     19.84% |     1721461     50.00%     69.84% |      120393      3.50%     73.33% |      135669      3.94%     77.27% |      115618      3.36%     80.63% |      118026      3.43%     84.06% |      189255      5.50%     89.56% |      130014      3.78%     93.33% |      116695      3.39%     96.72% |      112858      3.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      3442922                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      682933     19.84%     19.84% |     1721461     50.00%     69.84% |      120393      3.50%     73.33% |      135669      3.94%     77.27% |      115618      3.36%     80.63% |      118026      3.43%     84.06% |      189255      5.50%     89.56% |      130014      3.78%     93.33% |      116695      3.39%     96.72% |      112858      3.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      3442922                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      682933     19.84%     19.84% |     1721461     50.00%     69.84% |      120393      3.50%     73.33% |      135669      3.94%     77.27% |      115618      3.36%     80.63% |      118026      3.43%     84.06% |      189255      5.50%     89.56% |      130014      3.78%     93.33% |      116695      3.39%     96.72% |      112858      3.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      3442922                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
