
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.038826                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 38825851000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5214993929500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  23465                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    41318                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               50136494                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3227104                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   774.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    18171612                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      31996444                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4688768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4688768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2862144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2862144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        73262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              73262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        44721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             44721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    120764075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            120764075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     73717483                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            73717483                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    194481558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           194481558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      73262                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     44721                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    73262                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   44721                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4687936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                2862016                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4688768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             2862144                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             4726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             4523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             4505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             4793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             2818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             2810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             2793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             2882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             2801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             2939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             2769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             2846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             2739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             2919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            2766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            2698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            2633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            2669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            2876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            2761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                      372                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     2228                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  38825338500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                73262                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               44721                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  45658                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   4314                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3534                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   2876                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   2342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1978                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1570                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                    998                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                   838                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                   771                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                   668                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   622                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   385                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   271                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   247                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   174                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                   485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                   7715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                   7995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                   8153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                   8238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                   8329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    783                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   2824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        32350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   233.353694                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   157.484802                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   234.599255                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        12563     38.83%     38.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7260     22.44%     61.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8081     24.98%     86.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1048      3.24%     89.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          740      2.29%     91.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          570      1.76%     93.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          452      1.40%     94.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          415      1.28%     96.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1221      3.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        32350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7951                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.210414                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    46.045415                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7944     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.08%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         7951                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7951                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.624324                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.391446                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.234798                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7427     93.41%     93.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           155      1.95%     95.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          107      1.35%     96.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          262      3.30%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         7951                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  3422530174                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             4795948924                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 366245000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    46724.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               65474.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      120.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       73.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   120.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    73.72                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   56197                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  29412                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                76.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    329075.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   72.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10429338000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1296360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    27096818250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              126312480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              118208160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0               68920500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1               64498500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             289933800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             281244600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            146791440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            142955280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        14170662270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        13806495540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        10863096000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        11182540500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          28201396650                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          28131622740                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          726.418825                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          724.621571                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4564288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4564288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2746624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        2746624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        71317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              71317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        42916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             42916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    117557964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            117557964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     70742145                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            70742145                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    188300110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           188300110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      71317                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     42916                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    71317                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   42916                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4563264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                2746432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4564288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             2746624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             4631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             4671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             2710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             2714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             2691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             2773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             2699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             2830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             2643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             2732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             2629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             2805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            2661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            2586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            2527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            2553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            2708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            2652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                      353                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     2129                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  38825086500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                71317                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               42916                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  44835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   3718                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   3225                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   2733                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   2319                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   2014                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1682                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   1470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   1185                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   1012                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                   927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                   713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                   614                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                   528                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                   462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                   391                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   350                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   280                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   233                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                    97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                   465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                   7414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                   7600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                   7767                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                   7889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                   7985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   2806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        28588                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.664195                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   175.842442                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   241.393706                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9282     32.47%     32.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6674     23.35%     55.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7977     27.90%     83.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1184      4.14%     87.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          832      2.91%     90.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          557      1.95%     92.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          447      1.56%     94.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          480      1.68%     95.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1155      4.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        28588                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7637                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.331413                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.413267                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7629     99.90%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.08%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         7637                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7637                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.619091                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.385866                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.231464                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7117     93.19%     93.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           164      2.15%     95.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          112      1.47%     96.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          244      3.19%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         7637                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  3088480603                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             4425374353                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 356505000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    43316.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               62066.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      117.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       70.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   117.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    70.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   55790                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  29832                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               69.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    339876.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   74.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10618033250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1296360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    26908468250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              112568400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              103549320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0               61421250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1               56500125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             282750000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             273280800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            141212160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            136864080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        14033934945                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        13372309440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        10983032250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        11563405500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          28150599165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          28041589425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          725.110370                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          722.302469                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4566656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4566656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2748160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        2748160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        71354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              71354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        42940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             42940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    117618954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            117618954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     70781707                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            70781707                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    188400661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           188400661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      71354                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     42940                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    71354                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   42940                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4565696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                2748096                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4566656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             2748160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             4626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             4419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             4653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             2703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             2712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             2688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             2789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             2697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             2822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             2646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             2734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             2629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             2811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            2656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            2599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            2536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            2548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            2715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            2654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                      310                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     2175                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  38825325500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                71354                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               42940                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  45012                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   3810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   3318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   2762                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   2386                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1910                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1694                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   1417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   1129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                    943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                   889                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                   719                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                   644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                   517                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                   430                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                   392                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                   367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                   337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                   299                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   178                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                    84                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                    87                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                   401                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                   7429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                   7634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                   7776                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                   7902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                   8020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   2780                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        28572                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.961921                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   176.259048                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   240.814380                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9283     32.49%     32.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6578     23.02%     55.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8146     28.51%     84.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1064      3.72%     87.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          820      2.87%     90.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          631      2.21%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          447      1.56%     94.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          457      1.60%     95.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1146      4.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        28572                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7653                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.319613                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.496346                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7648     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.04%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         7653                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7653                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.610741                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.378553                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.231838                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7150     93.43%     93.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           152      1.99%     95.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          103      1.35%     96.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          248      3.24%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         7653                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  3074476927                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             4412083177                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 356695000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    43096.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               61846.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      117.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       70.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   117.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    70.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   55787                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  29916                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               69.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    339696.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   74.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10522935000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1296360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    27003221250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              112719600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              103269600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0               61503750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1               56347500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             283132200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             273226200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            141205680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            137039040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        14086624320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        13446935550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        10936813500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        11497944000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          28157679210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          28050442050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          725.292740                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          722.530498                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4548544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4548544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2743616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        2743616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        71071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              71071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        42869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             42869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    117152461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            117152461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     70664671                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            70664671                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    187817132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           187817132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      71072                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     42869                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    71072                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   42869                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4548160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                2743488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4548608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             2743616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             4595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             4417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             4633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             2708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             2700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             2689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             2773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             2690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             2817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             2639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             2726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             2625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             2804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            2651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            2605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            2530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            2555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            2707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            2648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                      364                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     2386                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  38825108500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                71072                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               42869                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  44461                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   3276                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   2851                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   2622                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   2300                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1994                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1739                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   1551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   1333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   1152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                   984                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                   865                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                   746                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                   602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                   527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                   474                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                   417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                   339                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   290                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   225                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                   472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                   7396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                   7552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                   7720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                   7852                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                   7908                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    779                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   2985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        28157                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   258.938949                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   178.706005                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   241.994384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         8926     31.70%     31.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6566     23.32%     55.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8030     28.52%     83.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1123      3.99%     87.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          831      2.95%     90.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          606      2.15%     92.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          466      1.66%     94.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          450      1.60%     95.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1159      4.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        28157                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7622                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.321044                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.586747                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7616     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.05%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         7622                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7622                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.624114                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.389271                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.238505                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7092     93.05%     93.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           168      2.20%     95.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          116      1.52%     96.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          246      3.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         7622                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  3135371515                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             4467840265                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 355325000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    44119.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               62869.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      117.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       70.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   117.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    70.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   55691                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  30079                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                78.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               70.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    340747.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   75.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10542756500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1296360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    26983522500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              110474280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              102385080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0               60278625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1               55864875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             281463000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             272719200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            140888160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            136890000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        13902104205                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        13294614735                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        11098673250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        11631558750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          28129561680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          28029712800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          724.568481                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          721.996548                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1347                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1347                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4914                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               192500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              432148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                3500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              107148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1825500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          374                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1531904                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          374                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                 32                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                 319                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                3307058                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 26.928508                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                23.525943                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                15.415621                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     2293178     69.34%     69.34% |      955007     28.88%     98.22% |       33269      1.01%     99.23% |       15862      0.48%     99.71% |        6274      0.19%     99.90% |        2911      0.09%     99.98% |         487      0.01%    100.00% |          70      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  3307058                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     11961679                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.962741                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.704369                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.227030                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |     4940393     41.30%     41.30% |     6056945     50.64%     91.94% |      807037      6.75%     98.68% |       92685      0.77%     99.46% |       25909      0.22%     99.68% |       15404      0.13%     99.81% |       13483      0.11%     99.92% |        8029      0.07%     99.99% |        1340      0.01%    100.00% |         454      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      11961679                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            11961676                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              11.947659                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.637162                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             58.650846                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    11931821     99.75%     99.75% |       22183      0.19%     99.94% |        6442      0.05%     99.99% |        1125      0.01%    100.00% |         101      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              11961676                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        11339725                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000448                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000387                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.021167                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    11334645     99.96%     99.96% |        5079      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          11339725                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples         621951                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        175.077734                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       121.543961                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       195.159887                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      592096     95.20%     95.20% |       22183      3.57%     98.77% |        6442      1.04%     99.80% |        1125      0.18%     99.98% |         101      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total           621951                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     1572864                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     262144                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses          63615                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses        63615                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           17                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            5                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           14                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits      7914682                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       378813                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      8293495                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3375399                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       121202                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3496601                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       107898                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        18760                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        55080                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1416212                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        43360                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           10                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           10                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6049                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        14894                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        20943                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         1575                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6146                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15132                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        21278                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles         1631                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6296                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15487                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        21783                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles         1652                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6017                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        14756                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        20773                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles         1569                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6247                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15368                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        21615                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles         1657                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits         5919                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        14518                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        20437                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles         1552                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6608                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16184                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        22792                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles         1787                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6362                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15589                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        21951                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles         1690                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        52847                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        14405                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        67252                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10308                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses         8926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        19234                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        10377                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses         8960                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        19337                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10577                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses         8918                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        19495                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         8674                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses         8917                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        17591                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         8530                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses         8923                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        17453                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         6893                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses         8918                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        15811                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         7258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses         8890                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        16148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits         8617                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        12516                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        21133                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         7979                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses         8903                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        16882                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         7945                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses         8919                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        16864                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         8638                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses         8877                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        17515                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         7181                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses         8975                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        16156                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         9008                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses         8890                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        17898                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        10578                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses         8893                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        19471                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         8260                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses         8894                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        17154                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8199                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses         8866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        17065                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits         8467                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses         8926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        17393                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         8059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses         8954                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        17013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         7442                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses         8934                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        16376                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         8671                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses         8866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        17537                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        10561                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses         8907                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        19468                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        10200                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses         8880                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        19080                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9331                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses         8924                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        18255                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12451                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses         8855                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        21306                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        13957                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses         8844                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        22801                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         7911                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses         8913                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        16824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         8158                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses         8891                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        17049                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         7054                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses         8902                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        15956                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses         8888                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        16146                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         7642                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses         8907                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        16549                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits         8792                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses         8949                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        17741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          126                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      5891047                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      5891047                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5977503                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5891047                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2557478                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2554675                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      5891047                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.075865                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      2109126                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      2109126                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2140100                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2109126                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1109137                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1102202                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      2109126                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.027161                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      1541996                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      1541996                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1571797                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1541996                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity       609765                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity       602380                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      1541996                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.019858                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      1202109                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      1202109                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1229014                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1202109                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity       502849                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity       500417                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      1202109                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.015481                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      1704346                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      1704346                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1732457                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1704346                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity       872577                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity       862082                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      1704346                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.021949                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      1698758                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      1698758                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1726091                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1698758                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity       857793                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity       852038                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      1698758                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.021877                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      2205410                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      2205410                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2244798                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2205410                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity       799988                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity       795266                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      2205410                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.028401                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      1220945                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      1220945                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1247760                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1220945                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity       497069                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity       495397                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      1220945                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.015723                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads       799241                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes       799241                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity       816661                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity       799241                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       370099                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       361621                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity       799241                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.010293                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      1134968                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      1134968                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1156070                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1134968                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity       569325                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity       560612                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      1134968                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.014616                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads       754223                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes       754223                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity       762805                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity       754223                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       312860                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       312615                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity       754223                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.009713                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads       663720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes       663720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity       666829                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity       663720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       265141                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       264996                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity       663720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.008547                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads       992605                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes       992605                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity       996845                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity       992605                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       476732                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       476521                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity       992605                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.012783                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads       697729                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes       697729                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity       701490                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity       697729                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       283811                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       283597                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity       697729                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.008985                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       416246                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       416246                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       418292                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       416246                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       162472                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       162394                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       416246                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.005360                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads       617172                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes       617172                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity       620966                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity       617172                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       243445                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       243284                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity       617172                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.007948                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      1026062                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      1026062                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1037293                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1026062                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       369943                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       369682                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      1026062                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.013214                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads       686478                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes       686478                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity       692749                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity       686478                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       259135                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258962                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity       686478                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.008840                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads       650838                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes       650838                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity       657426                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity       650838                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       259218                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258986                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity       650838                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.008382                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       403481                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       403481                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       405531                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       403481                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       159221                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       159117                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       403481                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.005196                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       389005                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       389005                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       389574                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       389005                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       191977                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       191961                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       389005                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005010                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       522230                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       522230                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       522982                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       522230                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       261711                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       261658                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       522230                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.006725                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       407533                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       407533                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       408487                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       407533                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       187319                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       187281                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       407533                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.005248                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       262117                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       262117                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       262117                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       262117                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       109309                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       109309                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       262117                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.003376                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       333447                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       333447                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       333916                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       333447                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       140077                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       140067                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       333447                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.004294                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       473612                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       473612                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       474405                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       473612                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       232325                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       232276                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       473612                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.006099                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       386850                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       386850                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       387810                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       386850                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       171520                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       171482                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       386850                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.004982                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       261825                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       261825                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       261825                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       261825                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       107885                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       107885                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       261825                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.003372                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      1428506                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      1428506                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1473454                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1428506                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity       597308                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity       596166                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      1428506                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.018396                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      1404179                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      1404179                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1433249                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1404179                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity       569277                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity       568271                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      1404179                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.018083                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      1447239                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      1447239                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1484795                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1447239                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity       583286                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity       582199                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      1447239                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.018638                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      1486607                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      1486607                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1523286                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1486607                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity       608633                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity       607379                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      1486607                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.019145                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     2610363     27.91%     27.91% |     6214123     66.44%     94.34% |      529154      5.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total      9353640                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     2610363     27.91%     27.91% |     6214123     66.44%     94.34% |      529154      5.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total      9353640                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |    76211506                       |   146675483                       |    11242595                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |     9728070                       |    29152950                       |      529161                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   29.195750                       |   23.603569                       |   21.246357                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    3.726712                       |    4.691402                       |    1.000013                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    25.030853                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     4.213352                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         29.244205                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.001864                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.040478      7.05%      7.05% |    0.039843      6.94%     13.99% |    0.040353      7.03%     21.02% |    0.039760      6.93%     27.95% |    0.094531     16.47%     44.42% |    0.095904     16.71%     61.13% |    0.094512     16.47%     77.59% |    0.095845     16.70%     94.29% |    0.008192      1.43%     95.71% |    0.008202      1.43%     97.14% |    0.008199      1.43%     98.57% |    0.008196      1.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.574016                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.014174                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.028843                       |    0.000000                       |    0.000764                       |    0.000777                       |    0.000795                       |    0.000757                       |    0.000791                       |    0.000745                       |    0.000833                       |    0.000801                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005539                       |    0.001897                       |    0.001665                       |    0.001825                       |    0.001712                       |    0.001719                       |    0.001643                       |    0.001663                       |    0.001692                       |    0.001766                       |    0.001905                       |    0.001917                       |    0.001773                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001631                       |    0.001658                       |    0.001828                       |    0.001710                       |    0.001716                       |    0.001769                       |    0.001802                       |    0.001917                       |    0.001739                       |    0.001733                       |    0.001758                       |    0.001728                       |    0.001685                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001912                       |    0.001865                       |    0.002039                       |    0.002161                       |    0.005638                       |    0.005484                       |    0.005487                       |    0.005465                       |    0.000309                       |           0                       |    0.000214                       |    0.001047                       |    0.000103                       |    0.000102                       |    0.000106                       |    0.000103                       |    0.000105                       |    0.000103                       |    0.000106                       |    0.000105                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001718                       |    0.000313                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002111                       |    0.000867                       |    0.001249                       |    0.001595                       |    0.000106                       |    0.001765                       |    0.004416                       |    0.001162                       |           0                       |    0.001813                       |    0.003863                       |           0                       |    0.003638                       |    0.007380                       |    0.001703                       |    0.001148                       |    0.001570                       |    0.000103                       |    0.003393                       |    0.002834                       |    0.010811                       |    0.001167                       |    0.001712                       |    0.000102                       |    0.007469                       |    0.002902                       |    0.002128                       |           0                       |    0.001706                       |    0.003719                       |           0                       |    0.007310                       |    0.003205                       |    0.002143                       |           0                       |    0.001726                       |           0                       |    0.003675                       |    0.001613                       |    0.001534                       |           0                       |    0.001664                       |           0                       |    0.001758                       |    0.000872                       |           0                       |    0.001796                       |           0                       |    0.001134                       |    0.001917                       |    0.001878                       |    0.001203                       |    0.001587                       |    0.000105                       |    0.001912                       |    0.003722                       |    0.004270                       |    0.001817                       |    0.001195                       |    0.001605                       |    0.000106                       |    0.003037                       |    0.007550                       |    0.005909                       |    0.002546                       |    0.037223                       |    0.004617                       |    0.000214                       |    0.002477                       |    0.012222                       |    0.015711                       |    0.003401                       |    0.000001                       |    0.001765                       |    0.001047                       |    0.002633                       |    0.006509                       |    0.012093                       |    0.003113                       |    0.001139                       |    0.001586                       |    0.000103                       |    0.004157                       |    0.004828                       |    0.006978                       |    0.003086                       |           0                       |    0.001635                       |           0                       |    0.001667                       |    0.003501                       |    0.003434                       |    0.002546                       |           0                       |    0.001630                       |           0                       |    0.000923                       |    0.001728                       |    0.001817                       |           0                       |    0.001647                       |           0                       |    0.000219                       |    0.001739                       |    0.001643                       |           0                       |    0.001736                       |           0                       |    0.001315                       |    0.001631                       |    0.003501                       |    0.001531                       |           0                       |    0.001888                       |    0.003721                       |           0                       |    0.001141                       |    0.003642                       |    0.006697                       |    0.001548                       |    0.001185                       |    0.001539                       |    0.000105                       |    0.018039                       |    0.003387                       |    0.002203                       |    0.001943                       |    0.001120                       |    0.001589                       |    0.000103                       |    0.001550                       |    0.007349                       |    0.002435                       |    0.001578                       |           0                       |    0.001907                       |    0.003710                       |           0                       |    0.001561                       |    0.007362                       |    0.003002                       |    0.001603                       |           0                       |    0.001624                       |           0                       |    0.000770                       |    0.003437                       |    0.001480                       |    0.001674                       |           0                       |    0.001613                       |           0                       |    0.000065                       |    0.001685                       |    0.001619                       |           0                       |    0.001643                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001733                       |           0                       |    0.001531                       |           0                       |    0.000609                       |           0                       |    0.003220                       |           0                       |    0.001548                       |           0                       |    0.001677                       |    0.000466                       |    0.004256                       |           0                       |    0.001943                       |           0                       |    0.008416                       |    0.001521                       |    0.001333                       |           0                       |    0.001578                       |           0                       |    0.000535                       |    0.005186                       |    0.001541                       |           0                       |    0.001603                       |           0                       |    0.002559                       |    0.004219                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001674                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003522                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001619                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001753                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.574016                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         4073587                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      4073587                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       256119                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      2664501                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         2108455                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     79.131327                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          278674                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29778                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              8733317                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              48175                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             4992887                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             44410                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          8781492                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         5037297                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  13726204                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   92585                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              13818789                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3503516                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9443                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3512959                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3503516                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9443                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3512959                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 74118448                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     13411555                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               24116839                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             4073587                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      2387129                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              55996496                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          580960                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140476                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       154385                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       246410                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3264                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       310903                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3502863                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        137643                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3822                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     70553969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.622661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.951281                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         62478498     88.55%     88.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1016844      1.44%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           642588      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           737025      1.04%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           603673      0.86%     92.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           676680      0.96%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           608526      0.86%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           352237      0.50%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          3437898      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     70553969                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.054961                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.325382                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          8396925                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      55733505                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4131813                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2001239                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         290480                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       41332494                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         290480                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          9280794                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        30349026                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      5782222                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           5173152                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      19678288                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       40306897                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59047                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        1448684                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         432449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       17435886                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     46554546                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      97695693                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     61064472                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           44                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      36682535                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9872003                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       151527                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       153091                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          13699802                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      4447629                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      5198465                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       396573                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       250796                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           39283193                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       192861                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          41576404                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       168661                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7261423                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11761526                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        54476                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     70553969                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.589285                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370984                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     54781282     77.64%     77.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      5749261      8.15%     85.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      3023222      4.28%     90.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2682947      3.80%     93.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1906145      2.70%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1052751      1.49%     98.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       861500      1.22%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       300365      0.43%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       196496      0.28%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     70553969                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           92704     11.62%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         631279     79.09%     90.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         74150      9.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       174126      0.42%      0.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      27388769     65.88%     66.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24807      0.06%     66.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52253      0.13%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      8870275     21.33%     87.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      5066174     12.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       41576404                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.560945                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              798133                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.019197                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    154673516                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     46744373                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     36097607                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           80                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       42200383                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       565109                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1133174                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2519                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7101                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       431724                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1834                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5120336                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         290480                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4286194                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      24797944                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     39476054                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        95616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       4447629                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      5198465                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       183998                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          77190                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      24673986                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7101                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       108596                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       198029                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       306625                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      41166297                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       8726644                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       318054                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             13725243                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          2997228                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            4998599                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.555412                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               36164142                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              36097627                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          20518471                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          33182430                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.487026                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.618353                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7447346                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       138385                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       269304                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     69387735                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.461125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     57571420     82.97%     82.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4199933      6.05%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3521529      5.08%     94.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1414736      2.04%     96.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       784889      1.13%     97.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       248671      0.36%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       355253      0.51%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       335619      0.48%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       955685      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     69387735                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     18171611                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       31996441                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                8081193                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3314452                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5712                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2664011                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          31712178                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       204991                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        81999      0.26%      0.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     23758954     74.25%     74.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        23594      0.07%     74.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50701      0.16%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3314452     10.36%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      4766741     14.90%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     31996441                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        955685                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            107813668                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            80057981                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   82759                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3564479                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3532840                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            18171611                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              31996441                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.078804                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.078804                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.245170                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.245170                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         63324094                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        27864553                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          15355955                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         13110132                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        20290297                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         144076                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean                505036000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            505036000.000000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-3.35544e+07               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       1604015                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        29.134664                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       24.377673                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       19.513510                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     1053467     65.68%     65.68% |      494038     30.80%     96.48% |       31129      1.94%     98.42% |       15662      0.98%     99.39% |        6255      0.39%     99.78% |        2907      0.18%     99.97% |         487      0.03%    100.00% |          70      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         1604015                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       1673941                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        24.912384                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       22.799578                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.721535                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     1214012     72.52%     72.52% |      457566     27.33%     99.86% |        2140      0.13%     99.99% |         200      0.01%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         1673941                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         29102                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        21.298845                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.122651                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        6.904479                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         460      1.58%      1.58% |        5347     18.37%     19.95% |       13421     46.12%     66.07% |        6471     22.24%     88.31% |        3338     11.47%     99.78% |          60      0.21%     99.98% |           5      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           29102                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          3538211                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           19.338703                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           3.993222                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          92.536011                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     3512886     99.28%     99.28% |       18038      0.51%     99.79% |        6123      0.17%     99.97% |        1066      0.03%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            3538211                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3271518                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000930                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000803                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.030489                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3268474     99.91%     99.91% |        3044      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3271518                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       266693                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     219.753856                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    132.887337                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    264.884235                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      241368     90.50%     90.50% |       18038      6.76%     97.27% |        6123      2.30%     99.56% |        1066      0.40%     99.96% |          94      0.04%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        266693                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          4789186                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           11.049195                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.598157                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          44.006955                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     4766761     99.53%     99.53% |       18114      0.38%     99.91% |        3226      0.07%     99.98% |         701      0.01%     99.99% |         224      0.00%    100.00% |          95      0.00%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            4789186                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      4564850                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000427                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000368                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.020659                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4562904     99.96%     99.96% |        1945      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        4564850                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       224336                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     174.827727                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    145.101464                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    114.898827                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      201911     90.00%     90.00% |       18114      8.07%     98.08% |        3226      1.44%     99.52% |         701      0.31%     99.83% |         224      0.10%     99.93% |          95      0.04%     99.97% |          46      0.02%     99.99% |          13      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        224336                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3496599                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.799929                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.353317                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      17.949310                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3494515     99.94%     99.94% |        1883      0.05%     99.99% |         185      0.01%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3496599                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3375399                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001089                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3375395    100.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3375399                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       121200                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.777442                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.490791                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    54.735457                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      119116     98.28%     98.28% |        1883      1.55%     99.83% |         185      0.15%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       121200                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       136378                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.433061                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.784887                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    29.423759                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      134835     98.87%     98.87% |        1189      0.87%     99.74% |         324      0.24%     99.98% |          12      0.01%     99.99% |           5      0.00%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       136378                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       126695                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000679                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000586                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.026045                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      126609     99.93%     99.93% |          86      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       126695                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9683                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    93.596096                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    78.988000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    67.595509                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        8140     84.06%     84.06% |        1189     12.28%     96.34% |         324      3.35%     99.69% |          12      0.12%     99.81% |           5      0.05%     99.87% |          10      0.10%     99.97% |           3      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.947773                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.599055                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.355139                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         612     94.01%     94.01% |          23      3.53%     97.54% |          13      2.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           2      0.31%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          612                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         612    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          612                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    68.897436                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    62.652089                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    39.663582                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          23     58.97%     58.97% |          13     33.33%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           2      5.13%     97.44% |           1      2.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks         8960                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       209353                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access         7665                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    18431                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    18613                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    19041                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    18143                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    18934                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    17880                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    19721                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    19129                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   2569                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   2723                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   2799                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   2689                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   2738                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   2616                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   3127                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   2879                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     3194                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     3325                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     3383                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                     3210                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     3365                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     3146                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     3692                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                     3466                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                21000                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                21336                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                21840                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                20832                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                21672                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                20496                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                22848                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                22008                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  156426                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            139784616437623                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            139784616449792                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  142471                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  166695                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                30970850                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                31014224                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                31001133                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   18000                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   18288                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   18720                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   17856                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   18576                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   17568                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   19584                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   18864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   3000                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   3048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   3120                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   2976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   3096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   2928                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   3264                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   3144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                15825                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                15963                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                16352                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                15571                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                16252                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                15342                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                16909                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                16412                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               2175                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               2325                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               2368                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               2285                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               2324                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               2226                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               2675                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               2452                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                2606                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                2650                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                2689                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                2572                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                2682                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                2538                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                2812                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                2717                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               394                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               398                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses               431                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               404                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses               414                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses               390                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               452                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses               427                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      125                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                      127                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      130                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      124                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                      129                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      122                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      136                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                      131                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 897041                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                 900157                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 892952                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                 895960                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 896452                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                 899042                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                 888625                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                 890235                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    6000                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    6096                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    6240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    5952                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                    6192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    5856                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    6528                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                    6288                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                824607                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                829983                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                819170                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles                830214                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                824558                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                833787                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                811133                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles                816199                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             130000                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             132080                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             135200                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             128960                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             134160                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             126880                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             141440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             136240                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               558345                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               549303                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               560724                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               526611                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               554005                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               530432                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               588582                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               562361                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           824607                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time           829983                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           819170                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time           830214                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time           824558                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time           833787                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           811133                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time           816199                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        130000                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        132080                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        135200                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        128960                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        134160                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        126880                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        141440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        136240                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          523654                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          519831                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          524900                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          497967                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          519055                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          499050                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          546916                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          530032                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             886002                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time             890752                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             882785                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time             885433                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             886788                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time             888609                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time             878320                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time             880586                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles              2929                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles              4037                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              3926                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles              4603                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              6035                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles             20348                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles              6180                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles             26998                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          76739450                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          76739446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          76739452                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles          76739448                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles          76739458                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles          76739618                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          76739469                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles          76739839                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles           436066                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles           413415                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles           376215                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles           376398                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles           421161                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles           433100                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles           238837                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles           322923                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0              1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              1064                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              1148                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              1106                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0              1092                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0              1064                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0              1274                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0              1176                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1               945                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1               984                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1               957                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1               945                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1               963                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1               944                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1               973                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1               954                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              5864                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              5771                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              6001                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              5800                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              5939                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              5831                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              5880                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              5904                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       73237     25.52%     25.52% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71354     24.86%     75.23% |       71072     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       286980                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       38910     25.91%     25.91% |       37094     24.70%     50.61% |       37116     24.72%     75.33% |       37046     24.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       150166                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       73262     25.53%     25.53% |       71317     24.85%     50.38% |       71354     24.86%     75.24% |       71071     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       287004                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       44721     25.78%     25.78% |       42916     24.74%     50.53% |       42940     24.76%     75.28% |       42868     24.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       173445                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        5984     25.00%     25.00% |        5984     25.00%     50.00% |        5984     25.00%     75.00% |        5984     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        23936                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       26135     25.12%     25.12% |       26031     25.02%     50.14% |       26046     25.03%     75.17% |       25834     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       104046                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       73237     25.52%     25.52% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71354     24.86%     75.23% |       71072     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       286980                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5811     24.96%     24.96% |        5822     25.01%     49.97% |        5824     25.02%     74.99% |        5823     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23280                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5811     24.96%     24.96% |        5822     25.01%     49.97% |        5824     25.02%     74.99% |        5823     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23280                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       38684     25.88%     25.88% |       36932     24.71%     50.59% |       36956     24.73%     75.32% |       36885     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       149457                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       26135     25.12%     25.12% |       26031     25.02%     50.14% |       26046     25.03%     75.17% |       25834     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       104046                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       73237     25.52%     25.52% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71354     24.86%     75.23% |       71071     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       286979                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       38684     25.88%     25.88% |       36932     24.71%     50.59% |       36956     24.73%     75.32% |       36884     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       149456                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          656                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        23936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3392525     95.83%     95.83% |          10      0.00%     95.83% |       18012      0.51%     96.34% |       18300      0.52%     96.86% |       18730      0.53%     97.39% |       17856      0.50%     97.89% |       18586      0.53%     98.42% |       17568      0.50%     98.91% |       19584      0.55%     99.47% |       18864      0.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3540035                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3496661    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3496661                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     4905677     99.51%     99.51% |           0      0.00%     99.51% |        2943      0.06%     99.57% |        2990      0.06%     99.63% |        3063      0.06%     99.69% |        2917      0.06%     99.75% |        3039      0.06%     99.81% |        2869      0.06%     99.87% |        3208      0.07%     99.94% |        3087      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      4929793                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13039     59.37%     59.37% |          10      0.05%     59.42% |        1038      4.73%     64.14% |        1213      5.52%     69.67% |        1122      5.11%     74.77% |        1109      5.05%     79.82% |        1074      4.89%     84.71% |        1075      4.89%     89.61% |        1153      5.25%     94.86% |        1129      5.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        21962                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      499121     80.88%     80.88% |           0      0.00%     80.88% |       14418      2.34%     83.22% |       14657      2.38%     85.59% |       15006      2.43%     88.03% |       14244      2.31%     90.33% |       14886      2.41%     92.75% |       14008      2.27%     95.02% |       15672      2.54%     97.56% |       15077      2.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       617089                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         124     12.14%     12.14% |         127     12.44%     24.58% |         130     12.73%     37.32% |         122     11.95%     49.27% |         129     12.63%     61.90% |         121     11.85%     73.75% |         138     13.52%     87.27% |         130     12.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1021                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           5      0.08%      0.08% |           0      0.00%      0.08% |         743     12.14%     12.22% |         761     12.44%     24.66% |         779     12.73%     37.39% |         723     11.82%     49.21% |         773     12.63%     61.84% |         728     11.90%     73.74% |         823     13.45%     87.19% |         784     12.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         6119                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      161482     62.14%     62.14% |           5      0.00%     62.14% |       12020      4.63%     66.77% |       12218      4.70%     71.47% |       12498      4.81%     76.28% |       11894      4.58%     80.85% |       12405      4.77%     85.63% |       11714      4.51%     90.13% |       13063      5.03%     95.16% |       12576      4.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       259875                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.08%      0.08% |         749     12.24%     12.32% |         749     12.24%     24.56% |         779     12.73%     37.29% |         747     12.21%     49.50% |         770     12.58%     62.09% |         728     11.90%     73.98% |         806     13.17%     87.15% |         786     12.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         6119                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      338513     95.10%     95.10% |           0      0.00%     95.10% |        2125      0.60%     95.70% |        2165      0.61%     96.31% |        2210      0.62%     96.93% |        2115      0.59%     97.52% |        2193      0.62%     98.14% |        2076      0.58%     98.72% |        2315      0.65%     99.37% |        2227      0.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       355939                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      377360     78.29%     78.29% |           0      0.00%     78.29% |       12794      2.65%     80.94% |       12880      2.67%     83.62% |       13299      2.76%     86.37% |       12674      2.63%     89.00% |       13213      2.74%     91.74% |       12455      2.58%     94.33% |       13930      2.89%     97.22% |       13405      2.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       482010                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      161999     60.78%     60.78% |          10      0.00%     60.78% |       12769      4.79%     65.58% |       12973      4.87%     70.44% |       13277      4.98%     75.42% |       12648      4.75%     80.17% |       13175      4.94%     85.11% |       12444      4.67%     89.78% |       13872      5.20%     94.99% |       13362      5.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       266529                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      120595    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       120595                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      216629     92.56%     92.56% |           0      0.00%     92.56% |        2125      0.91%     93.47% |        2159      0.92%     94.39% |        2210      0.94%     95.34% |        2108      0.90%     96.24% |        2193      0.94%     97.17% |        2074      0.89%     98.06% |        2312      0.99%     99.05% |        2227      0.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       234037                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11002     55.62%     55.62% |           0      0.00%     55.62% |        1038      5.25%     60.87% |        1093      5.53%     66.40% |        1107      5.60%     71.99% |        1109      5.61%     77.60% |        1074      5.43%     83.03% |        1075      5.43%     88.46% |        1153      5.83%     94.29% |        1129      5.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        19780                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         164    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          164                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         607    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          607                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         383     25.28%     25.28% |           0      0.00%     25.28% |         120      7.92%     33.20% |         243     16.04%     49.24% |         142      9.37%     58.61% |         120      7.92%     66.53% |         127      8.38%     74.92% |         117      7.72%     82.64% |         135      8.91%     91.55% |         128      8.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1515                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       10561    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        10561                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3375399    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3375399                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1362     99.63%     99.63% |           5      0.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         1367                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120458     90.91%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |        1468      1.11%     92.01% |        1497      1.13%     93.14% |        1534      1.16%     94.30% |        1450      1.09%     95.40% |        1516      1.14%     96.54% |        1434      1.08%     97.62% |        1607      1.21%     98.83% |        1544      1.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       132508                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1693138     97.53%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |        5231      0.30%     97.83% |        5315      0.31%     98.13% |        5443      0.31%     98.45% |        5208      0.30%     98.75% |        5401      0.31%     99.06% |        5124      0.30%     99.35% |        5712      0.33%     99.68% |        5502      0.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1736074                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       26144    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        26144                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         476     79.20%     79.20% |           5      0.83%     80.03% |           0      0.00%     80.03% |         105     17.47%     97.50% |          15      2.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      134778     60.22%     60.22% |           0      0.00%     60.22% |       10887      4.86%     65.09% |       10956      4.90%     69.99% |       11329      5.06%     75.05% |       10766      4.81%     79.86% |       11212      5.01%     84.87% |       10611      4.74%     89.61% |       11850      5.30%     94.91% |       11402      5.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       223791                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         743     12.15%     12.15% |         761     12.45%     24.60% |         779     12.74%     37.34% |         723     11.83%     49.17% |         773     12.64%     61.81% |         728     11.91%     73.72% |         823     13.46%     87.18% |         784     12.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         6114                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1524883    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1524883                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     4659956     99.86%     99.86% |           0      0.00%     99.86% |         818      0.02%     99.87% |         831      0.02%     99.89% |         853      0.02%     99.91% |         809      0.02%     99.93% |         846      0.02%     99.95% |         795      0.02%     99.96% |         896      0.02%     99.98% |         860      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      4666664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         199     92.99%     92.99% |           0      0.00%     92.99% |           0      0.00%     92.99% |          15      7.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      242582     93.94%     93.94% |           0      0.00%     93.94% |        1907      0.74%     94.68% |        1924      0.75%     95.43% |        1970      0.76%     96.19% |        1908      0.74%     96.93% |        2001      0.77%     97.70% |        1844      0.71%     98.42% |        2080      0.81%     99.22% |        2003      0.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       258219                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         124     12.16%     12.16% |         127     12.45%     24.61% |         130     12.75%     37.35% |         122     11.96%     49.31% |         129     12.65%     61.96% |         121     11.86%     73.82% |         137     13.43%     87.25% |         130     12.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1020                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         911     87.01%     87.01% |           0      0.00%     87.01% |          36      3.44%     90.45% |          37      3.53%     93.98% |          31      2.96%     96.94% |           0      0.00%     96.94% |          30      2.87%     99.81% |           2      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         1047                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      161482     62.14%     62.14% |           5      0.00%     62.14% |       12020      4.63%     66.77% |       12218      4.70%     71.47% |       12498      4.81%     76.28% |       11894      4.58%     80.85% |       12405      4.77%     85.63% |       11714      4.51%     90.13% |       13063      5.03%     95.16% |       12576      4.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       259875                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.08%      0.08% |         749     12.24%     12.32% |         749     12.24%     24.56% |         779     12.73%     37.29% |         747     12.21%     49.50% |         770     12.58%     62.09% |         728     11.90%     73.98% |         806     13.17%     87.15% |         786     12.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         6119                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      121881     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           6      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           7      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       121899                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           9    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      216632     92.56%     92.56% |           0      0.00%     92.56% |        2125      0.91%     93.47% |        2159      0.92%     94.39% |        2210      0.94%     95.34% |        2108      0.90%     96.24% |        2193      0.94%     97.17% |        2074      0.89%     98.06% |        2312      0.99%     99.05% |        2227      0.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       234040                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1780     97.59%     97.59% |           0      0.00%     97.59% |          12      0.66%     98.25% |          12      0.66%     98.90% |          10      0.55%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |          10      0.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1824                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          60    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           60                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        2927    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         2927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      377360     78.29%     78.29% |           0      0.00%     78.29% |       12794      2.65%     80.94% |       12880      2.67%     83.62% |       13299      2.76%     86.37% |       12674      2.63%     89.00% |       13213      2.74%     91.75% |       12455      2.58%     94.33% |       13929      2.89%     97.22% |       13405      2.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       482009                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3742      3.09%      3.09% |        3665      3.02%      6.11% |        3399      2.80%      8.92% |        3426      2.83%     11.74% |        3476      2.87%     14.61% |        3980      3.28%     17.89% |        3695      3.05%     20.94% |        3241      2.67%     23.62% |        3449      2.85%     26.46% |        4983      4.11%     30.57% |        3814      3.15%     33.72% |        3726      3.07%     36.79% |        3457      2.85%     39.64% |        4231      3.49%     43.13% |        3787      3.12%     46.26% |        3679      3.04%     49.29% |        4083      3.37%     52.66% |        4070      3.36%     56.02% |        3569      2.94%     58.96% |        3273      2.70%     61.67% |        2997      2.47%     64.14% |        3582      2.96%     67.09% |        3429      2.83%     69.92% |        3307      2.73%     72.65% |        3551      2.93%     75.58% |        3610      2.98%     78.56% |        3123      2.58%     81.13% |        4574      3.77%     84.91% |        3905      3.22%     88.13% |        5094      4.20%     92.33% |        4947      4.08%     96.41% |        4347      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       121211                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       47061     17.65%     17.65% |        7805      2.93%     20.57% |        6459      2.42%     22.99% |        7341      2.75%     25.75% |        6718      2.52%     28.27% |        6505      2.44%     30.70% |        6109      2.29%     32.99% |        6267      2.35%     35.34% |        6550      2.46%     37.80% |        6587      2.47%     40.27% |        8656      3.25%     43.52% |        9133      3.42%     46.94% |        7706      2.89%     49.83% |        6417      2.41%     52.24% |        5929      2.22%     54.46% |        6309      2.37%     56.82% |       10302      3.86%     60.69% |        6553      2.46%     63.14% |        6863      2.57%     65.72% |        6962      2.61%     68.33% |        7219      2.71%     71.03% |        7628      2.86%     73.89% |        6632      2.49%     76.38% |        6613      2.48%     78.86% |        6568      2.46%     81.32% |        6505      2.44%     83.76% |        6314      2.37%     86.13% |        5999      2.25%     88.38% |        7134      2.67%     91.05% |        6419      2.41%     93.46% |        7236      2.71%     96.17% |       10205      3.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       266704                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       16455      7.03%      7.03% |        7764      3.32%     10.35% |        6297      2.69%     13.04% |        7488      3.20%     16.24% |        6630      2.83%     19.07% |        6564      2.80%     21.88% |        6154      2.63%     24.50% |        6641      2.84%     27.34% |        6550      2.80%     30.14% |        6171      2.64%     32.78% |        6867      2.93%     35.71% |        6636      2.84%     38.55% |        6428      2.75%     41.29% |        6805      2.91%     44.20% |        6091      2.60%     46.80% |        6162      2.63%     49.44% |        6747      2.88%     52.32% |        6259      2.67%     54.99% |        6425      2.75%     57.74% |        7279      3.11%     60.85% |        7682      3.28%     64.13% |        8265      3.53%     67.66% |        7093      3.03%     70.69% |        7145      3.05%     73.75% |        7274      3.11%     76.85% |        6898      2.95%     79.80% |        6938      2.96%     82.77% |        6964      2.98%     85.74% |        8431      3.60%     89.34% |        7567      3.23%     92.58% |        9124      3.90%     96.48% |        8249      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       234043                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           4     22.22%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           7     38.89%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       56755     11.77%     11.77% |       15381      3.19%     14.97% |       12589      2.61%     17.58% |       14643      3.04%     20.62% |       13171      2.73%     23.35% |       12556      2.60%     25.95% |       12084      2.51%     28.46% |       12745      2.64%     31.10% |       12942      2.69%     33.79% |       12603      2.61%     36.40% |       15353      3.19%     39.59% |       15607      3.24%     42.83% |       13978      2.90%     45.73% |       13061      2.71%     48.44% |       11846      2.46%     50.89% |       12302      2.55%     53.45% |       10355      2.15%     55.59% |       12654      2.63%     58.22% |       13087      2.72%     60.93% |       14074      2.92%     63.85% |       14748      3.06%     66.91% |       15719      3.26%     70.18% |       13567      2.81%     72.99% |       13603      2.82%     75.81% |       13685      2.84%     78.65% |       13247      2.75%     81.40% |       13098      2.72%     84.12% |       12808      2.66%     86.77% |       15411      3.20%     89.97% |       13834      2.87%     92.84% |       16207      3.36%     96.20% |       18296      3.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       482009                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        6368      4.26%      4.26% |        4607      3.09%      7.35% |        4628      3.10%     10.45% |        4610      3.09%     13.54% |        4595      3.08%     16.61% |        4607      3.09%     19.70% |        4610      3.09%     22.78% |        4597      3.08%     25.86% |        4612      3.09%     28.95% |        4618      3.09%     32.04% |        4618      3.09%     35.14% |        4611      3.09%     38.22% |        4595      3.08%     41.30% |        4606      3.08%     44.39% |        4599      3.08%     47.47% |        4600      3.08%     50.55% |        4634      3.10%     53.65% |        4614      3.09%     56.74% |        4630      3.10%     59.84% |        4620      3.09%     62.93% |        4612      3.09%     66.02% |        4632      3.10%     69.12% |        4616      3.09%     72.21% |        4613      3.09%     75.30% |        4627      3.10%     78.40% |        4625      3.10%     81.50% |        4619      3.09%     84.59% |        4609      3.09%     87.68% |        4612      3.09%     90.77% |        4596      3.08%     93.85% |        4598      3.08%     96.92% |        4593      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       149331                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        3365      3.23%      3.23% |        3273      3.14%      6.37% |        3302      3.17%      9.54% |        3268      3.14%     12.68% |        3274      3.14%     15.82% |        3239      3.11%     18.93% |        3247      3.12%     22.05% |        3247      3.12%     25.16% |        3251      3.12%     28.29% |        3286      3.15%     31.44% |        3298      3.17%     34.61% |        3263      3.13%     37.74% |        3278      3.15%     40.88% |        3273      3.14%     44.03% |        3275      3.14%     47.17% |        3246      3.12%     50.29% |        3256      3.13%     53.41% |        3245      3.12%     56.53% |        3245      3.12%     59.64% |        3213      3.08%     62.73% |        3234      3.10%     65.83% |        3217      3.09%     68.92% |        3234      3.10%     72.02% |        3209      3.08%     75.10% |        3255      3.12%     78.23% |        3285      3.15%     81.38% |        3271      3.14%     84.52% |        3213      3.08%     87.61% |        3251      3.12%     90.73% |        3240      3.11%     93.84% |        3213      3.08%     96.92% |        3207      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       104173                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10843      3.78%      3.78% |        8925      3.11%      6.89% |        8974      3.13%     10.02% |        8923      3.11%     13.12% |        8913      3.11%     16.23% |        8891      3.10%     19.33% |        8901      3.10%     22.43% |        8888      3.10%     25.53% |        8907      3.10%     28.63% |        8948      3.12%     31.75% |        8960      3.12%     34.87% |        8918      3.11%     37.98% |        8917      3.11%     41.09% |        8923      3.11%     44.20% |        8918      3.11%     47.30% |        8890      3.10%     50.40% |        8934      3.11%     53.51% |        8903      3.10%     56.62% |        8918      3.11%     59.72% |        8877      3.09%     62.82% |        8890      3.10%     65.91% |        8893      3.10%     69.01% |        8894      3.10%     72.11% |        8866      3.09%     75.20% |        8926      3.11%     78.31% |        8954      3.12%     81.43% |        8934      3.11%     84.55% |        8865      3.09%     87.63% |        8907      3.10%     90.74% |        8880      3.09%     93.83% |        8855      3.09%     96.92% |        8844      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       286979                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9819      3.86%      3.86% |        7901      3.11%      6.97% |        7950      3.13%     10.10% |        7899      3.11%     13.21% |        7889      3.10%     16.31% |        7867      3.09%     19.40% |        7877      3.10%     22.50% |        7864      3.09%     25.60% |        7883      3.10%     28.70% |        7924      3.12%     31.81% |        7936      3.12%     34.94% |        7894      3.11%     38.04% |        7893      3.10%     41.15% |        7899      3.11%     44.25% |        7894      3.11%     47.36% |        7866      3.09%     50.45% |        7910      3.11%     53.56% |        7879      3.10%     56.66% |        7894      3.11%     59.77% |        7853      3.09%     62.86% |        7866      3.09%     65.95% |        7869      3.10%     69.05% |        7870      3.10%     72.14% |        7842      3.08%     75.23% |        7902      3.11%     78.34% |        7930      3.12%     81.46% |        7910      3.11%     84.57% |        7841      3.08%     87.65% |        7883      3.10%     90.75% |        7856      3.09%     93.84% |        7831      3.08%     96.92% |        7820      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       254211                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          52     23.74%     23.74% |           4      1.83%     25.57% |           7      3.20%     28.77% |           6      2.74%     31.51% |           5      2.28%     33.79% |           5      2.28%     36.07% |           4      1.83%     37.90% |           8      3.65%     41.55% |           6      2.74%     44.29% |           7      3.20%     47.49% |           6      2.74%     50.23% |           5      2.28%     52.51% |           7      3.20%     55.71% |           5      2.28%     57.99% |           6      2.74%     60.73% |           3      1.37%     62.10% |           3      1.37%     63.47% |           4      1.83%     65.30% |           8      3.65%     68.95% |           5      2.28%     71.23% |           3      1.37%     72.60% |           7      3.20%     75.80% |           9      4.11%     79.91% |           4      1.83%     81.74% |           5      2.28%     84.02% |           4      1.83%     85.84% |           6      2.74%     88.58% |           6      2.74%     91.32% |           6      2.74%     94.06% |           4      1.83%     95.89% |           6      2.74%     98.63% |           3      1.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          219                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        3044     49.79%     49.79% |           0      0.00%     49.79% |           0      0.00%     49.79% |           0      0.00%     49.79% |           0      0.00%     49.79% |           0      0.00%     49.79% |           0      0.00%     49.79% |           0      0.00%     49.79% |           0      0.00%     49.79% |           0      0.00%     49.79% |           0      0.00%     49.79% |           0      0.00%     49.79% |           0      0.00%     49.79% |           0      0.00%     49.79% |           0      0.00%     49.79% |           0      0.00%     49.79% |        3070     50.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total         6114                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2195     49.95%     49.95% |           1      0.02%     49.98% |           1      0.02%     50.00% |           1      0.02%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           0      0.00%     50.02% |           1      0.02%     50.05% |           0      0.00%     50.05% |           0      0.00%     50.05% |           1      0.02%     50.07% |           0      0.00%     50.07% |           0      0.00%     50.07% |           0      0.00%     50.07% |           0      0.00%     50.07% |           0      0.00%     50.07% |           0      0.00%     50.07% |        2194     49.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         4394                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2611     15.05%     15.05% |         381      2.20%     17.24% |         394      2.27%     19.51% |         393      2.26%     21.78% |         400      2.30%     24.08% |         390      2.25%     26.33% |         403      2.32%     28.65% |         403      2.32%     30.97% |         390      2.25%     33.22% |         400      2.30%     35.52% |         430      2.48%     38.00% |         426      2.45%     40.46% |         430      2.48%     42.94% |         429      2.47%     45.41% |         433      2.50%     47.90% |         432      2.49%     50.39% |        2625     15.13%     65.52% |         408      2.35%     67.87% |         403      2.32%     70.19% |         385      2.22%     72.41% |         383      2.21%     74.62% |         391      2.25%     76.87% |         387      2.23%     79.10% |         387      2.23%     81.33% |         415      2.39%     83.72% |         426      2.45%     86.18% |         430      2.48%     88.65% |         395      2.28%     90.93% |         396      2.28%     93.21% |         396      2.28%     95.49% |         393      2.26%     97.76% |         389      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17354                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        3044     49.75%     49.75% |           1      0.02%     49.76% |           1      0.02%     49.78% |           1      0.02%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           1      0.02%     49.81% |           0      0.00%     49.81% |           0      0.00%     49.81% |           1      0.02%     49.83% |           0      0.00%     49.83% |           0      0.00%     49.83% |           0      0.00%     49.83% |           0      0.00%     49.83% |           0      0.00%     49.83% |           0      0.00%     49.83% |        3070     50.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         6119                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       60410     12.23%     12.23% |       15544      3.15%     15.38% |       12750      2.58%     17.96% |       14804      3.00%     20.96% |       13333      2.70%     23.66% |       12717      2.57%     26.23% |       12240      2.48%     28.71% |       12902      2.61%     31.32% |       13097      2.65%     33.97% |       12757      2.58%     36.55% |       15511      3.14%     39.69% |       15760      3.19%     42.89% |       14131      2.86%     45.75% |       13215      2.68%     48.42% |       12002      2.43%     50.85% |       12462      2.52%     53.37% |       13975      2.83%     56.20% |       12805      2.59%     58.80% |       13238      2.68%     61.48% |       14226      2.88%     64.36% |       14901      3.02%     67.37% |       15877      3.21%     70.59% |       13721      2.78%     73.37% |       13755      2.78%     76.15% |       13837      2.80%     78.95% |       13398      2.71%     81.66% |       13251      2.68%     84.35% |       12960      2.62%     86.97% |       15563      3.15%     90.12% |       13986      2.83%     92.95% |       16358      3.31%     96.27% |       18447      3.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       493933                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         172     12.13%     12.13% |          42      2.96%     15.09% |          40      2.82%     17.91% |          42      2.96%     20.87% |          40      2.82%     23.70% |          42      2.96%     26.66% |          40      2.82%     29.48% |          40      2.82%     32.30% |          40      2.82%     35.12% |          40      2.82%     37.94% |          40      2.82%     40.76% |          40      2.82%     43.58% |          40      2.82%     46.40% |          40      2.82%     49.22% |          40      2.82%     52.05% |          40      2.82%     54.87% |          40      2.82%     57.69% |          40      2.82%     60.51% |          40      2.82%     63.33% |          40      2.82%     66.15% |          40      2.82%     68.97% |          40      2.82%     71.79% |          40      2.82%     74.61% |          40      2.82%     77.43% |          40      2.82%     80.25% |          40      2.82%     83.07% |          40      2.82%     85.90% |          40      2.82%     88.72% |          40      2.82%     91.54% |          40      2.82%     94.36% |          40      2.82%     97.18% |          40      2.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1418                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         398      3.22%      3.22% |         358      2.90%      6.12% |         375      3.04%      9.15% |         371      3.00%     12.16% |         378      3.06%     15.22% |         365      2.95%     18.17% |         379      3.07%     21.24% |         386      3.12%     24.36% |         373      3.02%     27.38% |         383      3.10%     30.48% |         407      3.29%     33.78% |         404      3.27%     37.05% |         412      3.33%     40.38% |         407      3.29%     43.68% |         408      3.30%     46.98% |         405      3.28%     50.26% |         413      3.34%     53.60% |         390      3.16%     56.76% |         389      3.15%     59.91% |         370      2.99%     62.90% |         364      2.95%     65.85% |         370      2.99%     68.84% |         369      2.99%     71.83% |         367      2.97%     74.80% |         395      3.20%     78.00% |         406      3.29%     81.29% |         412      3.33%     84.62% |         380      3.08%     87.70% |         382      3.09%     90.79% |         382      3.09%     93.88% |         384      3.11%     96.99% |         372      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12354                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5740      4.63%      4.63% |        3870      3.12%      7.75% |        3893      3.14%     10.89% |        3839      3.10%     13.98% |        3831      3.09%     17.07% |        3815      3.08%     20.15% |        3812      3.07%     23.22% |        3808      3.07%     26.29% |        3824      3.08%     29.37% |        3854      3.11%     32.48% |        3857      3.11%     35.59% |        3799      3.06%     38.65% |        3805      3.07%     41.72% |        3813      3.07%     44.80% |        3808      3.07%     47.87% |        3787      3.05%     50.92% |        3805      3.07%     53.99% |        3803      3.07%     57.05% |        3818      3.08%     60.13% |        3801      3.06%     63.20% |        3817      3.08%     66.27% |        3801      3.06%     69.34% |        3824      3.08%     72.42% |        3792      3.06%     75.48% |        3811      3.07%     78.55% |        3838      3.09%     81.65% |        3806      3.07%     84.72% |        3784      3.05%     87.77% |        3822      3.08%     90.85% |        3799      3.06%     93.91% |        3768      3.04%     96.95% |        3784      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       124028                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        4705      3.12%      3.12% |        4697      3.12%      6.24% |        4706      3.12%      9.37% |        4713      3.13%     12.50% |        4704      3.12%     15.62% |        4711      3.13%     18.75% |        4710      3.13%     21.88% |        4694      3.12%     24.99% |        4710      3.13%     28.12% |        4711      3.13%     31.25% |        4696      3.12%     34.37% |        4715      3.13%     37.50% |        4700      3.12%     40.62% |        4703      3.12%     43.74% |        4702      3.12%     46.86% |        4698      3.12%     49.98% |        4716      3.13%     53.12% |        4710      3.13%     56.24% |        4712      3.13%     59.37% |        4706      3.12%     62.50% |        4709      3.13%     65.62% |        4722      3.14%     68.76% |        4701      3.12%     71.88% |        4707      3.13%     75.01% |        4720      3.13%     78.14% |        4710      3.13%     81.27% |        4716      3.13%     84.40% |        4702      3.12%     87.52% |        4703      3.12%     90.64% |        4699      3.12%     93.76% |        4703      3.12%     96.89% |        4688      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       150599                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3338      3.07%      3.07% |        3299      3.03%      6.10% |        3020      2.78%      8.88% |        3048      2.80%     11.68% |        3096      2.85%     14.53% |        3609      3.32%     17.85% |        3310      3.04%     20.89% |        2851      2.62%     23.51% |        3076      2.83%     26.34% |        4600      4.23%     30.57% |        3405      3.13%     33.70% |        3319      3.05%     36.76% |        3042      2.80%     39.55% |        3823      3.52%     43.07% |        3371      3.10%     46.17% |        3274      3.01%     49.18% |        3669      3.37%     52.55% |        3679      3.38%     55.94% |        3166      2.91%     58.85% |        2900      2.67%     61.51% |        2632      2.42%     63.93% |        3209      2.95%     66.88% |        3058      2.81%     69.70% |        2937      2.70%     72.40% |        3152      2.90%     75.30% |        3202      2.94%     78.24% |        2709      2.49%     80.73% |        4192      3.85%     84.59% |        3519      3.24%     87.82% |        4712      4.33%     92.15% |        4561      4.19%     96.35% |        3971      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108749                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          38      5.58%      5.58% |          24      3.52%      9.10% |           6      0.88%      9.99% |          24      3.52%     13.51% |          15      2.20%     15.71% |         352     51.69%     67.40% |          22      3.23%     70.63% |           6      0.88%     71.51% |           3      0.44%     71.95% |           0      0.00%     71.95% |          12      1.76%     73.72% |           9      1.32%     75.04% |           3      0.44%     75.48% |           7      1.03%     76.51% |          22      3.23%     79.74% |           7      1.03%     80.76% |           5      0.73%     81.50% |           7      1.03%     82.53% |          57      8.37%     90.90% |          16      2.35%     93.25% |           0      0.00%     93.25% |          12      1.76%     95.01% |           4      0.59%     95.59% |           3      0.44%     96.04% |           5      0.73%     96.77% |           5      0.73%     97.50% |           2      0.29%     97.80% |           3      0.44%     98.24% |           3      0.44%     98.68% |           0      0.00%     98.68% |           2      0.29%     98.97% |           7      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          681                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           2      7.69%     38.46% |           4     15.38%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           3     11.54%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           4     15.38%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           4     22.22%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           7     38.89%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           3     13.64%     27.27% |           2      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           2      9.09%     45.45% |           3     13.64%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2594     15.50%     15.50% |         358      2.14%     17.64% |         373      2.23%     19.87% |         372      2.22%     22.10% |         379      2.27%     24.36% |         368      2.20%     26.56% |         379      2.27%     28.83% |         385      2.30%     31.13% |         370      2.21%     33.34% |         381      2.28%     35.62% |         408      2.44%     38.06% |         406      2.43%     40.48% |         412      2.46%     42.94% |         408      2.44%     45.38% |         410      2.45%     47.83% |         403      2.41%     50.24% |        2605     15.57%     65.81% |         389      2.33%     68.14% |         387      2.31%     70.45% |         367      2.19%     72.64% |         362      2.16%     74.81% |         370      2.21%     77.02% |         371      2.22%     79.24% |         367      2.19%     81.43% |         396      2.37%     83.80% |         407      2.43%     86.23% |         413      2.47%     88.70% |         377      2.25%     90.95% |         379      2.27%     93.22% |         379      2.27%     95.48% |         382      2.28%     97.76% |         374      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16731                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      6.06%      6.06% |           8      8.08%     14.14% |           4      4.04%     18.18% |           7      7.07%     25.25% |           2      2.02%     27.27% |           6      6.06%     33.33% |           4      4.04%     37.37% |           1      1.01%     38.38% |           0      0.00%     38.38% |           0      0.00%     38.38% |           2      2.02%     40.40% |           3      3.03%     43.43% |           3      3.03%     46.46% |           1      1.01%     47.47% |           8      8.08%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      1.01%     56.57% |           1      1.01%     57.58% |          14     14.14%     71.72% |           3      3.03%     74.75% |           1      1.01%     75.76% |           3      3.03%     78.79% |           2      2.02%     80.81% |           3      3.03%     83.84% |           4      4.04%     87.88% |           2      2.02%     89.90% |           2      2.02%     91.92% |           2      2.02%     93.94% |           1      1.01%     94.95% |           0      0.00%     94.95% |           1      1.01%     95.96% |           4      4.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           99                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       38224     28.14%     28.14% |        3910      2.88%     31.01% |        2559      1.88%     32.90% |        3477      2.56%     35.46% |        2872      2.11%     37.57% |        2338      1.72%     39.29% |        2274      1.67%     40.97% |        2453      1.81%     42.77% |        2723      2.00%     44.78% |        2732      2.01%     46.79% |        4787      3.52%     50.31% |        5325      3.92%     54.23% |        3898      2.87%     57.10% |        2597      1.91%     59.01% |        2099      1.55%     60.56% |        2513      1.85%     62.41% |        3422      2.52%     64.92% |        2743      2.02%     66.94% |        2988      2.20%     69.14% |        3145      2.31%     71.46% |        3402      2.50%     73.96% |        3812      2.81%     76.77% |        2804      2.06%     78.83% |        2818      2.07%     80.91% |        2752      2.03%     82.93% |        2662      1.96%     84.89% |        2506      1.84%     86.74% |        2212      1.63%     88.36% |        3309      2.44%     90.80% |        2620      1.93%     92.73% |        3466      2.55%     95.28% |        6414      4.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       135856                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       11238     13.64%     13.64% |        3061      3.72%     17.35% |        1589      1.93%     19.28% |        2771      3.36%     22.65% |        1926      2.34%     24.98% |        1853      2.25%     27.23% |        1444      1.75%     28.99% |        1947      2.36%     31.35% |        1840      2.23%     33.58% |        1460      1.77%     35.35% |        2171      2.63%     37.99% |        1921      2.33%     40.32% |        1725      2.09%     42.41% |        2102      2.55%     44.96% |        1389      1.69%     46.65% |        1464      1.78%     48.43% |        1519      1.84%     50.27% |        1549      1.88%     52.15% |        1709      2.07%     54.22% |        2572      3.12%     57.35% |        2973      3.61%     60.95% |        3541      4.30%     65.25% |        2392      2.90%     68.16% |        2437      2.96%     71.11% |        2553      3.10%     74.21% |        2188      2.66%     76.87% |        2222      2.70%     79.56% |        2260      2.74%     82.31% |        3728      4.52%     86.83% |        2868      3.48%     90.31% |        4421      5.37%     95.68% |        3561      4.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        82394                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        6357      4.26%      4.26% |        4598      3.08%      7.34% |        4619      3.10%     10.44% |        4602      3.08%     13.52% |        4588      3.07%     16.60% |        4599      3.08%     19.68% |        4604      3.09%     22.77% |        4595      3.08%     25.84% |        4611      3.09%     28.93% |        4617      3.09%     32.03% |        4614      3.09%     35.12% |        4610      3.09%     38.21% |        4594      3.08%     41.29% |        4604      3.09%     44.38% |        4598      3.08%     47.46% |        4599      3.08%     50.54% |        4632      3.10%     53.64% |        4614      3.09%     56.74% |        4627      3.10%     59.84% |        4619      3.10%     62.93% |        4611      3.09%     66.02% |        4626      3.10%     69.12% |        4614      3.09%     72.22% |        4611      3.09%     75.31% |        4624      3.10%     78.41% |        4624      3.10%     81.50% |        4617      3.09%     84.60% |        4606      3.09%     87.69% |        4609      3.09%     90.78% |        4589      3.08%     93.85% |        4590      3.08%     96.93% |        4585      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       149207                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |         765      0.88%      0.88% |        2898      3.34%      4.22% |        2911      3.35%      7.58% |        2878      3.32%     10.89% |        2876      3.31%     14.21% |        2852      3.29%     17.49% |        2847      3.28%     20.77% |        2838      3.27%     24.04% |        2856      3.29%     27.33% |        2881      3.32%     30.65% |        2866      3.30%     33.96% |        2833      3.26%     37.22% |        2842      3.27%     40.50% |        2841      3.27%     43.77% |        2837      3.27%     47.04% |        2812      3.24%     50.28% |         630      0.73%     51.01% |        2833      3.26%     54.27% |        2837      3.27%     57.54% |        2824      3.25%     60.79% |        2849      3.28%     64.08% |        2825      3.26%     67.33% |        2840      3.27%     70.60% |        2820      3.25%     73.85% |        2838      3.27%     77.12% |        2856      3.29%     80.42% |        2837      3.27%     83.68% |        2815      3.24%     86.93% |        2852      3.29%     90.21% |        2847      3.28%     93.50% |        2822      3.25%     96.75% |        2823      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        86781                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          34      5.18%      5.18% |          21      3.20%      8.37% |          20      3.04%     11.42% |          21      3.20%     14.61% |          20      3.04%     17.66% |          21      3.20%     20.85% |          20      3.04%     23.90% |          20      3.04%     26.94% |          20      3.04%     29.98% |          20      3.04%     33.03% |          20      3.04%     36.07% |          20      3.04%     39.12% |          20      3.04%     42.16% |          20      3.04%     45.21% |          20      3.04%     48.25% |          20      3.04%     51.29% |          20      3.04%     54.34% |          20      3.04%     57.38% |          20      3.04%     60.43% |          20      3.04%     63.47% |          20      3.04%     66.51% |          20      3.04%     69.56% |          20      3.04%     72.60% |          20      3.04%     75.65% |          20      3.04%     78.69% |          20      3.04%     81.74% |          20      3.04%     84.78% |          20      3.04%     87.82% |          20      3.04%     90.87% |          20      3.04%     93.91% |          20      3.04%     96.96% |          20      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        3044     49.75%     49.75% |           1      0.02%     49.76% |           1      0.02%     49.78% |           1      0.02%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           0      0.00%     49.80% |           1      0.02%     49.81% |           0      0.00%     49.81% |           0      0.00%     49.81% |           1      0.02%     49.83% |           0      0.00%     49.83% |           0      0.00%     49.83% |           0      0.00%     49.83% |           0      0.00%     49.83% |           0      0.00%     49.83% |           0      0.00%     49.83% |        3070     50.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         6119                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         509     49.85%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |         512     50.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total         1021                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       56755     11.77%     11.77% |       15381      3.19%     14.97% |       12589      2.61%     17.58% |       14643      3.04%     20.62% |       13171      2.73%     23.35% |       12556      2.60%     25.95% |       12084      2.51%     28.46% |       12745      2.64%     31.10% |       12942      2.69%     33.79% |       12603      2.61%     36.40% |       15353      3.19%     39.59% |       15607      3.24%     42.83% |       13978      2.90%     45.73% |       13061      2.71%     48.44% |       11846      2.46%     50.89% |       12302      2.55%     53.45% |       10355      2.15%     55.59% |       12654      2.63%     58.22% |       13087      2.72%     60.93% |       14074      2.92%     63.85% |       14748      3.06%     66.91% |       15719      3.26%     70.18% |       13567      2.81%     72.99% |       13603      2.82%     75.81% |       13685      2.84%     78.65% |       13247      2.75%     81.40% |       13098      2.72%     84.12% |       12808      2.66%     86.77% |       15411      3.20%     89.97% |       13834      2.87%     92.84% |       16207      3.36%     96.20% |       18296      3.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       482009                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |          10      9.80%      9.80% |           7      6.86%     16.67% |           6      5.88%     22.55% |           6      5.88%     28.43% |           7      6.86%     35.29% |           6      5.88%     41.18% |           3      2.94%     44.12% |           2      1.96%     46.08% |           1      0.98%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           4      3.92%     50.98% |           1      0.98%     51.96% |           1      0.98%     52.94% |           2      1.96%     54.90% |           0      0.00%     54.90% |           1      0.98%     55.88% |           2      1.96%     57.84% |           0      0.00%     57.84% |           2      1.96%     59.80% |           1      0.98%     60.78% |           1      0.98%     61.76% |           5      4.90%     66.67% |           2      1.96%     68.63% |           1      0.98%     69.61% |           2      1.96%     71.57% |           1      0.98%     72.55% |           2      1.96%     74.51% |           2      1.96%     76.47% |           3      2.94%     79.41% |           7      6.86%     86.27% |           8      7.84%     94.12% |           6      5.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |           6      0.91%      0.91% |          17      2.57%      3.48% |          18      2.72%      6.20% |          18      2.72%      8.93% |          19      2.87%     11.80% |          19      2.87%     14.67% |          21      3.18%     17.85% |          24      3.63%     21.48% |          25      3.78%     25.26% |          24      3.63%     28.90% |          24      3.63%     32.53% |          24      3.63%     36.16% |          24      3.63%     39.79% |          24      3.63%     43.42% |          28      4.24%     47.66% |          31      4.69%     52.34% |          21      3.18%     55.52% |          23      3.48%     59.00% |          21      3.18%     62.18% |          22      3.33%     65.51% |          23      3.48%     68.99% |          22      3.33%     72.31% |          23      3.48%     75.79% |          22      3.33%     79.12% |          21      3.18%     82.30% |          22      3.33%     85.63% |          21      3.18%     88.80% |          21      3.18%     91.98% |          20      3.03%     95.01% |          14      2.12%     97.13% |           9      1.36%     98.49% |          10      1.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total          661                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          52    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     22.22%     22.22% |           3     33.33%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           3     33.33%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           3     60.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9819      3.86%      3.86% |        7901      3.11%      6.97% |        7950      3.13%     10.10% |        7899      3.11%     13.21% |        7889      3.10%     16.31% |        7867      3.09%     19.40% |        7877      3.10%     22.50% |        7864      3.09%     25.60% |        7883      3.10%     28.70% |        7924      3.12%     31.81% |        7936      3.12%     34.94% |        7894      3.11%     38.04% |        7893      3.10%     41.15% |        7899      3.11%     44.25% |        7894      3.11%     47.36% |        7866      3.09%     50.45% |        7910      3.11%     53.56% |        7879      3.10%     56.66% |        7894      3.11%     59.77% |        7853      3.09%     62.86% |        7866      3.09%     65.95% |        7869      3.10%     69.05% |        7870      3.10%     72.14% |        7842      3.08%     75.23% |        7902      3.11%     78.34% |        7930      3.12%     81.46% |        7910      3.11%     84.57% |        7841      3.08%     87.65% |        7883      3.10%     90.75% |        7856      3.09%     93.84% |        7831      3.08%     96.92% |        7820      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       254211                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          34      5.18%      5.18% |          21      3.20%      8.37% |          20      3.04%     11.42% |          21      3.20%     14.61% |          20      3.04%     17.66% |          21      3.20%     20.85% |          20      3.04%     23.90% |          20      3.04%     26.94% |          20      3.04%     29.98% |          20      3.04%     33.03% |          20      3.04%     36.07% |          20      3.04%     39.12% |          20      3.04%     42.16% |          20      3.04%     45.21% |          20      3.04%     48.25% |          20      3.04%     51.29% |          20      3.04%     54.34% |          20      3.04%     57.38% |          20      3.04%     60.43% |          20      3.04%     63.47% |          20      3.04%     66.51% |          20      3.04%     69.56% |          20      3.04%     72.60% |          20      3.04%     75.65% |          20      3.04%     78.69% |          20      3.04%     81.74% |          20      3.04%     84.78% |          20      3.04%     87.82% |          20      3.04%     90.87% |          20      3.04%     93.91% |          20      3.04%     96.96% |          20      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          51     58.62%     58.62% |           1      1.15%     59.77% |           1      1.15%     60.92% |           0      0.00%     60.92% |           0      0.00%     60.92% |           2      2.30%     63.22% |           0      0.00%     63.22% |           1      1.15%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           2      2.30%     66.67% |           1      1.15%     67.82% |           1      1.15%     68.97% |           2      2.30%     71.26% |           0      0.00%     71.26% |           0      0.00%     71.26% |           1      1.15%     72.41% |           0      0.00%     72.41% |           2      2.30%     74.71% |           1      1.15%     75.86% |           0      0.00%     75.86% |           3      3.45%     79.31% |           2      2.30%     81.61% |           1      1.15%     82.76% |           2      2.30%     85.06% |           1      1.15%     86.21% |           2      2.30%     88.51% |           2      2.30%     90.80% |           3      3.45%     94.25% |           2      2.30%     96.55% |           2      2.30%     98.85% |           1      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           87                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |          11     16.42%     16.42% |           6      8.96%     25.37% |           5      7.46%     32.84% |           6      8.96%     41.79% |           7     10.45%     52.24% |           4      5.97%     58.21% |           3      4.48%     62.69% |           1      1.49%     64.18% |           1      1.49%     65.67% |           0      0.00%     65.67% |           2      2.99%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           1      1.49%     70.15% |           1      1.49%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           1      1.49%     73.13% |           2      2.99%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           5      7.46%     83.58% |           6      8.96%     92.54% |           5      7.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           67                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          52    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           1      0.79%      0.79% |           2      1.57%      2.36% |           5      3.94%      6.30% |           5      3.94%     10.24% |           5      3.94%     14.17% |           3      2.36%     16.54% |           3      2.36%     18.90% |           7      5.51%     24.41% |           6      4.72%     29.13% |           6      4.72%     33.86% |           4      3.15%     37.01% |           4      3.15%     40.16% |           6      4.72%     44.88% |           3      2.36%     47.24% |           6      4.72%     51.97% |           3      2.36%     54.33% |           2      1.57%     55.91% |           4      3.15%     59.06% |           6      4.72%     63.78% |           4      3.15%     66.93% |           3      2.36%     69.29% |           4      3.15%     72.44% |           7      5.51%     77.95% |           3      2.36%     80.31% |           3      2.36%     82.68% |           3      2.36%     85.04% |           4      3.15%     88.19% |           4      3.15%     91.34% |           3      2.36%     93.70% |           2      1.57%     95.28% |           4      3.15%     98.43% |           2      1.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          127                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |           5      0.94%      0.94% |          15      2.81%      3.75% |          13      2.43%      6.18% |          13      2.43%      8.61% |          14      2.62%     11.24% |          16      3.00%     14.23% |          18      3.37%     17.60% |          17      3.18%     20.79% |          19      3.56%     24.34% |          18      3.37%     27.72% |          20      3.75%     31.46% |          20      3.75%     35.21% |          18      3.37%     38.58% |          21      3.93%     42.51% |          22      4.12%     46.63% |          28      5.24%     51.87% |          19      3.56%     55.43% |          19      3.56%     58.99% |          15      2.81%     61.80% |          18      3.37%     65.17% |          20      3.75%     68.91% |          18      3.37%     72.28% |          16      3.00%     75.28% |          19      3.56%     78.84% |          18      3.37%     82.21% |          19      3.56%     85.77% |          17      3.18%     88.95% |          17      3.18%     92.13% |          17      3.18%     95.32% |          12      2.25%     97.57% |           5      0.94%     98.50% |           8      1.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total          534                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        2195     50.01%     50.01% |           0      0.00%     50.01% |           0      0.00%     50.01% |           0      0.00%     50.01% |           0      0.00%     50.01% |           0      0.00%     50.01% |           0      0.00%     50.01% |           0      0.00%     50.01% |           0      0.00%     50.01% |           0      0.00%     50.01% |           0      0.00%     50.01% |           0      0.00%     50.01% |           0      0.00%     50.01% |           0      0.00%     50.01% |           0      0.00%     50.01% |           0      0.00%     50.01% |        2194     49.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total         4389                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2594     15.50%     15.50% |         358      2.14%     17.64% |         373      2.23%     19.87% |         372      2.22%     22.10% |         379      2.27%     24.36% |         368      2.20%     26.56% |         379      2.27%     28.83% |         385      2.30%     31.13% |         370      2.21%     33.34% |         381      2.28%     35.62% |         408      2.44%     38.06% |         406      2.43%     40.48% |         412      2.46%     42.94% |         408      2.44%     45.38% |         410      2.45%     47.83% |         403      2.41%     50.24% |        2605     15.57%     65.81% |         389      2.33%     68.14% |         387      2.31%     70.45% |         367      2.19%     72.64% |         362      2.16%     74.81% |         370      2.21%     77.02% |         371      2.22%     79.24% |         367      2.19%     81.43% |         396      2.37%     83.80% |         407      2.43%     86.23% |         413      2.47%     88.70% |         377      2.25%     90.95% |         379      2.27%     93.22% |         379      2.27%     95.48% |         382      2.28%     97.76% |         374      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16731                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           3     13.64%     27.27% |           2      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           2      9.09%     45.45% |           3     13.64%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           9    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5731      4.62%      4.62% |        3870      3.12%      7.74% |        3893      3.14%     10.88% |        3839      3.10%     13.98% |        3831      3.09%     17.07% |        3815      3.08%     20.14% |        3812      3.07%     23.21% |        3808      3.07%     26.29% |        3824      3.08%     29.37% |        3854      3.11%     32.48% |        3857      3.11%     35.59% |        3799      3.06%     38.65% |        3805      3.07%     41.72% |        3813      3.07%     44.79% |        3808      3.07%     47.86% |        3787      3.05%     50.92% |        3805      3.07%     53.98% |        3803      3.07%     57.05% |        3818      3.08%     60.13% |        3801      3.06%     63.19% |        3817      3.08%     66.27% |        3801      3.06%     69.34% |        3824      3.08%     72.42% |        3792      3.06%     75.48% |        3811      3.07%     78.55% |        3838      3.09%     81.65% |        3806      3.07%     84.71% |        3784      3.05%     87.77% |        3822      3.08%     90.85% |        3799      3.06%     93.91% |        3768      3.04%     96.95% |        3784      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       124019                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         407      3.29%      3.29% |         358      2.90%      6.19% |         375      3.03%      9.22% |         371      3.00%     12.22% |         378      3.06%     15.28% |         365      2.95%     18.23% |         379      3.07%     21.30% |         386      3.12%     24.42% |         373      3.02%     27.44% |         383      3.10%     30.54% |         407      3.29%     33.83% |         404      3.27%     37.10% |         412      3.33%     40.43% |         407      3.29%     43.73% |         408      3.30%     47.03% |         405      3.28%     50.30% |         413      3.34%     53.64% |         390      3.16%     56.80% |         388      3.14%     59.94% |         370      2.99%     62.93% |         364      2.94%     65.88% |         370      2.99%     68.87% |         369      2.99%     71.86% |         367      2.97%     74.82% |         395      3.20%     78.02% |         406      3.28%     81.30% |         412      3.33%     84.64% |         379      3.07%     87.70% |         382      3.09%     90.79% |         382      3.09%     93.88% |         384      3.11%     96.99% |         372      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        12361                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        4705      3.12%      3.12% |        4697      3.12%      6.24% |        4706      3.12%      9.37% |        4713      3.13%     12.50% |        4704      3.12%     15.62% |        4711      3.13%     18.75% |        4710      3.13%     21.88% |        4694      3.12%     24.99% |        4710      3.13%     28.12% |        4711      3.13%     31.25% |        4696      3.12%     34.37% |        4715      3.13%     37.50% |        4700      3.12%     40.62% |        4703      3.12%     43.74% |        4702      3.12%     46.86% |        4698      3.12%     49.98% |        4716      3.13%     53.12% |        4710      3.13%     56.24% |        4712      3.13%     59.37% |        4706      3.12%     62.50% |        4709      3.13%     65.62% |        4722      3.14%     68.76% |        4701      3.12%     71.88% |        4707      3.13%     75.01% |        4720      3.13%     78.14% |        4710      3.13%     81.27% |        4716      3.13%     84.40% |        4702      3.12%     87.52% |        4703      3.12%     90.64% |        4699      3.12%     93.76% |        4703      3.12%     96.89% |        4688      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       150599                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.82%      6.82% |           6     13.64%     20.45% |           3      6.82%     27.27% |           4      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           3      6.82%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           4      9.09%     52.27% |           0      0.00%     52.27% |           1      2.27%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |          11     25.00%     79.55% |           2      4.55%     84.09% |           0      0.00%     84.09% |           1      2.27%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      2.27%     88.64% |           1      2.27%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      2.27%     93.18% |           2      4.55%     97.73% |           1      2.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           44                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       60407     12.23%     12.23% |       15538      3.15%     15.38% |       12747      2.58%     17.96% |       14800      3.00%     20.95% |       13333      2.70%     23.65% |       12717      2.57%     26.23% |       12240      2.48%     28.71% |       12902      2.61%     31.32% |       13097      2.65%     33.97% |       12757      2.58%     36.55% |       15511      3.14%     39.69% |       15760      3.19%     42.89% |       14128      2.86%     45.75% |       13215      2.68%     48.42% |       11998      2.43%     50.85% |       12462      2.52%     53.37% |       13974      2.83%     56.20% |       12805      2.59%     58.80% |       13227      2.68%     61.47% |       14224      2.88%     64.35% |       14901      3.02%     67.37% |       15876      3.21%     70.59% |       13721      2.78%     73.36% |       13754      2.78%     76.15% |       13836      2.80%     78.95% |       13398      2.71%     81.66% |       13250      2.68%     84.35% |       12958      2.62%     86.97% |       15562      3.15%     90.12% |       13986      2.83%     92.95% |       16358      3.31%     96.26% |       18447      3.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       493889                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        2979     51.05%     51.05% |           0      0.00%     51.05% |           0      0.00%     51.05% |           0      0.00%     51.05% |           0      0.00%     51.05% |           0      0.00%     51.05% |           0      0.00%     51.05% |           0      0.00%     51.05% |           0      0.00%     51.05% |           0      0.00%     51.05% |           0      0.00%     51.05% |           0      0.00%     51.05% |           0      0.00%     51.05% |           0      0.00%     51.05% |           0      0.00%     51.05% |           0      0.00%     51.05% |        2857     48.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total         5836                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          65     23.38%     23.38% |           0      0.00%     23.38% |           0      0.00%     23.38% |           0      0.00%     23.38% |           0      0.00%     23.38% |           0      0.00%     23.38% |           0      0.00%     23.38% |           0      0.00%     23.38% |           0      0.00%     23.38% |           0      0.00%     23.38% |           0      0.00%     23.38% |           0      0.00%     23.38% |           0      0.00%     23.38% |           0      0.00%     23.38% |           0      0.00%     23.38% |           0      0.00%     23.38% |         213     76.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total          278                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          65     23.38%     23.38% |           0      0.00%     23.38% |           0      0.00%     23.38% |           0      0.00%     23.38% |           0      0.00%     23.38% |           0      0.00%     23.38% |           0      0.00%     23.38% |           0      0.00%     23.38% |           0      0.00%     23.38% |           0      0.00%     23.38% |           0      0.00%     23.38% |           0      0.00%     23.38% |           0      0.00%     23.38% |           0      0.00%     23.38% |           0      0.00%     23.38% |           0      0.00%     23.38% |         213     76.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          278                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        2979     51.00%     51.00% |           1      0.02%     51.02% |           1      0.02%     51.04% |           1      0.02%     51.05% |           0      0.00%     51.05% |           0      0.00%     51.05% |           1      0.02%     51.07% |           0      0.00%     51.07% |           0      0.00%     51.07% |           1      0.02%     51.09% |           0      0.00%     51.09% |           0      0.00%     51.09% |           0      0.00%     51.09% |           0      0.00%     51.09% |           0      0.00%     51.09% |           0      0.00%     51.09% |        2857     48.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         5841                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       16626     10.23%     10.23% |       81265     50.00%     60.23% |        7970      4.90%     65.13% |        7946      4.89%     70.02% |        8236      5.07%     75.09% |        7975      4.91%     80.00% |        8123      5.00%     84.99% |        7961      4.90%     89.89% |        8263      5.08%     94.98% |        8165      5.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       162530                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       16626     10.23%     10.23% |       81265     50.00%     60.23% |        7970      4.90%     65.13% |        7946      4.89%     70.02% |        8236      5.07%     75.09% |        7975      4.91%     80.00% |        8123      5.00%     84.99% |        7961      4.90%     89.89% |        8263      5.08%     94.98% |        8165      5.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       162530                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       16626     10.23%     10.23% |       81265     50.00%     60.23% |        7970      4.90%     65.13% |        7946      4.89%     70.02% |        8236      5.07%     75.09% |        7975      4.91%     80.00% |        8123      5.00%     84.99% |        7961      4.90%     89.89% |        8263      5.08%     94.98% |        8165      5.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       162530                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       16626     10.23%     10.23% |       81265     50.00%     60.23% |        7970      4.90%     65.13% |        7946      4.89%     70.02% |        8236      5.07%     75.09% |        7975      4.91%     80.00% |        8123      5.00%     84.99% |        7961      4.90%     89.89% |        8263      5.08%     94.98% |        8165      5.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       162530                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
