
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.059741                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 59740841500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5235908920000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  45604                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    81138                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               68583605                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4818660                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   871.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    39724420                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      70676422                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     14034112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          14034112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4007680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        4007680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       219283                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             219283                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        62620                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             62620                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    234916544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            234916544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     67084425                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            67084425                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    302000969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           302000969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     219283                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     62620                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   219283                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   62620                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              14032320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                4007680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               14034112                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             4007680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    28                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            13461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            13998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            13664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            14063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            13702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            14279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            13742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            13669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            13562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            13898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           13605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           13834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           13385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           13264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           13559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           13570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             4132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             3947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             3818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                      872                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      397                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  59740350000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               219283                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               62620                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 160834                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  42266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  11202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   2561                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    552                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     89                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                     61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                     49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                   963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  12177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  12306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                    640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        85491                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   211.008878                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   136.048005                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   239.162784                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41350     48.37%     48.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17939     20.98%     69.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14880     17.41%     86.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2608      3.05%     89.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1792      2.10%     91.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1326      1.55%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1098      1.28%     94.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          964      1.13%     95.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3534      4.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        85491                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12223                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.888162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    75.982284                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11858     97.01%     97.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          191      1.56%     98.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           74      0.61%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           46      0.38%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           27      0.22%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           13      0.11%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            5      0.04%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        12223                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12223                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.123129                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.082786                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.924214                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12098     98.98%     98.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            43      0.35%     99.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           14      0.11%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           68      0.56%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        12223                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  3085412000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             7196443250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1096275000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    14072.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               32822.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      234.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       67.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   234.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    67.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  157773                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  38604                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                71.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               61.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    211918.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10793380250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1994720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    46948401250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              327998160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              318283560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              178967250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              173666625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             862438200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             847633800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            205701120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            200076480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3901672320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3901672320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        25610764905                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        24919997580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        13376238750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        13982175000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          44463780705                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          44343505365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          744.333489                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          742.320053                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     13851264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          13851264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3840704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3840704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       216426                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             216426                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    231855857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            231855857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     64289419                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            64289419                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    296145276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           296145276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     216426                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60011                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   216426                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60011                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              13849664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3840640                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               13851264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3840704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            13290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            13819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            13485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            13893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            13534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            14118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            13535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            13510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            13401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            13712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           13419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           13655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           13210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           13105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           13294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           13421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             3925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             3779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             3898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                      542                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      328                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  59740091000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               216426                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60011                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 158472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  42820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  10745                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   2232                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    501                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                     78                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                     74                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     58                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                    47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                    48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                    43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                    40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                   596                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  11871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  11873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  11838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11811                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                    535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        80921                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   218.600166                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   140.011053                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   245.567373                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38028     46.99%     46.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16994     21.00%     67.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14411     17.81%     85.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2586      3.20%     89.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1879      2.32%     91.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1327      1.64%     92.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1101      1.36%     94.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1004      1.24%     95.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3591      4.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        80921                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11720                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.411860                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    76.757969                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11365     96.97%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          172      1.47%     98.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           83      0.71%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           46      0.39%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           29      0.25%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           10      0.09%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.03%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      0.03%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11720                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11720                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.120307                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.081488                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.901515                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11597     98.95%     98.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            47      0.40%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           20      0.17%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           56      0.48%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11720                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  2864048763                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             6921567513                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1082005000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    13234.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31984.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      231.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       64.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   231.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    64.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  156548                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  38935                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                72.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               64.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    216107.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11235413500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1994720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    46506465500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              311585400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              300177360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              170011875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              163787250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             851557200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             836253600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            197568720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            191296080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3901672320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3901672320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        25300688895                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        24340394790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        13648235250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        14490598500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          44381319660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          44224179900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          742.953073                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          740.322519                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     13851776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          13851776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3841920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3841920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       216434                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             216434                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    231864427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            231864427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     64309774                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            64309774                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    296174201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           296174201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     216434                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60030                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   216434                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60030                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              13850944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3841728                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               13851776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3841920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            13291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            13833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            13508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            13918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            13546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            14107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            13494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            13499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            13395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            13711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           13425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           13701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           13205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           13068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           13299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           13421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             3914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             3786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                      484                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      298                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  59740138000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               216434                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60030                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 158713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  42655                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  10674                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   2270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    482                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                     95                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                     67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                     67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                    47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                    44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                   532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  11861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  11872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  11847                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                    493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        80999                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   218.420474                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   139.769521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   245.589362                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38265     47.24%     47.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16632     20.53%     67.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14603     18.03%     85.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2576      3.18%     88.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1878      2.32%     91.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1330      1.64%     92.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1135      1.40%     94.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          989      1.22%     95.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3591      4.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        80999                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11729                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.395345                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    76.667328                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11370     96.94%     96.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          175      1.49%     98.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           89      0.76%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           41      0.35%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           29      0.25%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           10      0.09%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.03%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      0.02%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            3      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11729                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11729                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.117828                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.080989                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.870404                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11596     98.87%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            62      0.53%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           22      0.19%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           49      0.42%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11729                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  2869073590                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             6926967340                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1082105000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    13256.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               32006.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      231.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       64.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   231.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    64.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  156523                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  38918                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                72.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               64.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    216086.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   70.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11130686500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1994720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    46611295500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              312235560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              300109320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              170366625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              163750125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             851658600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             836316000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            197594640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            191380320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3901672320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3901672320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        25280541675                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        24493420980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        13665908250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        14356365000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          44379977670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          44243014065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          742.930608                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          740.637807                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     13836992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          13836992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3838464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3838464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       216203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             216203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        59976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             59976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    231616958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            231616958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     64251924                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            64251924                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    295868882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           295868882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     216204                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     59976                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   216204                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   59976                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              13836288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3838400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               13837056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3838464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            13270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            13824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            13450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            13898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            13490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            14084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            13510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            13491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            13398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            13703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           13441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           13659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           13200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           13061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           13312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           13401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             3909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             3773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             3908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                      487                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      332                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  59740096500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               216204                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               59976                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 158122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  42284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  11043                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   2566                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    517                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                    119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                     80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                     63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                    61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                    51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                    59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                    54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                    42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                   553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  11868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  11831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  11829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11801                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                    533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        80747                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   218.880999                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   140.113956                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   246.117029                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        37942     46.99%     46.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16746     20.74%     67.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14642     18.13%     85.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2513      3.11%     88.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1852      2.29%     91.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1314      1.63%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1147      1.42%     94.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          907      1.12%     95.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3684      4.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        80747                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11717                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.403431                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    76.557747                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11363     96.98%     96.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          167      1.43%     98.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           90      0.77%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           37      0.32%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           33      0.28%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           12      0.10%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.03%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      0.03%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            5      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11717                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11717                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.118631                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.080852                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.886101                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11590     98.92%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            55      0.47%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           16      0.14%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           56      0.48%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11717                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  2933009760                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             6986609760                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1080960000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    13566.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               32316.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      231.61                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       64.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   231.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    64.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  156469                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  38947                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                72.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               64.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    216308.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   70.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11025151000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1994720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    46716512750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              310406040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              300041280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              169368375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              163713000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             850285800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             835926000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            197251200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            191386800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3901672320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3901672320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        25193880585                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        24300010575                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        13741926750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        14526023250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          44364791070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          44218773225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          742.676381                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          740.232010                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               218                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              218                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4854                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               159500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              454540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              112540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1826000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          381                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1560576                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          381                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                 64                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                 639                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7472861                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 25.438392                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                23.079690                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                10.908948                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7456238     99.78%     99.78% |       15532      0.21%     99.99% |         762      0.01%    100.00% |         227      0.00%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7472861                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     20865292                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.639165                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.450526                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.983052                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    20000243     95.85%     95.85% |      853102      4.09%     99.94% |        4975      0.02%     99.97% |        2111      0.01%     99.98% |         763      0.00%     99.98% |         895      0.00%     99.98% |         586      0.00%     99.99% |         855      0.00%     99.99% |        1762      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      20865292                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            20865289                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              13.541410                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.779130                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             51.630101                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    20847726     99.92%     99.92% |       15026      0.07%     99.99% |        1132      0.01%     99.99% |         732      0.00%    100.00% |         428      0.00%    100.00% |         161      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              20865289                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        19640064                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000239                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000206                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.015471                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    19635368     99.98%     99.98% |        4694      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          19640064                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1225225                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        182.513865                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       152.836530                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       122.730703                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1207662     98.57%     98.57% |       15026      1.23%     99.79% |        1132      0.09%     99.89% |         732      0.06%     99.95% |         428      0.03%     99.98% |         161      0.01%     99.99% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1225225                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    31343104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     994048                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         814737                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       814737                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           11                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            8                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            8                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     14095666                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       441211                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     14536877                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      4745904                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124289                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4870193                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       111446                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22675                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        52993                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1884445                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        45275                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           76                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           76                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits       101653                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        96721                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       198374                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         3017                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits       100087                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80645                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180732                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles           60                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99477                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80399                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179876                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles           76                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99963                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80641                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180604                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles           49                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99598                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80406                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180004                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles           66                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99348                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80400                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179748                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles           48                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99291                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80241                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179532                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles           71                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99077                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80199                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179276                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles           58                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        52950                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        30747                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        83697                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10283                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        27171                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        37454                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        11086                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        27213                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        38299                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits         9875                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        27147                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        37022                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9076                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        27183                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        36259                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         9007                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        27161                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        36168                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         8647                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        27146                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        35793                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         8390                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        27118                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        35508                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11361                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        27164                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        38525                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         9367                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        27170                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        36537                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         9679                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        27144                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        36823                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         8950                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        27100                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        36050                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         9188                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        27243                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        36431                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         9075                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        27116                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        36191                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits         9159                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        27128                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        36287                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         9525                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        27115                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        36640                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8393                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        27104                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        35497                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10204                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        27168                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        37372                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         8996                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        27173                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        36169                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         9060                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        27150                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        36210                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         9542                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        27101                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        36643                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        10080                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        27129                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        37209                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        10093                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        27118                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37211                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9455                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        27166                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        36621                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12323                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        27108                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39431                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        12967                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        27146                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        40113                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9627                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        27157                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        36784                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9199                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        27125                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        36324                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8680                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        27117                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        35797                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7897                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        27120                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        35017                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        10410                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        27151                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        37561                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10408                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        27175                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        37583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          161                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      9341171                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      9341171                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9416560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9341171                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4617921                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4616211                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      9341171                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.078181                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      5727655                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      5727655                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5772241                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5727655                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3761594                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3754855                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      5727655                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.047938                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      4240988                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      4240988                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4272569                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4240988                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2059051                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2057400                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      4240988                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.035495                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3755138                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3755138                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3781748                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3755138                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1939650                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1938734                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3755138                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.031429                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4039274                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4039274                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4058923                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4039274                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2437711                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2435354                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4039274                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.033807                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3755648                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3755648                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3774247                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3755648                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2172566                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2171816                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3755648                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.031433                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4822405                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4822405                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4856098                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4822405                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2082675                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2082121                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4822405                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.040361                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3717182                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3717182                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3742676                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3717182                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1808045                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1807338                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3717182                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.031111                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2535237                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2535237                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2546346                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2535237                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1324226                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1323829                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2535237                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.021219                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2956763                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2956763                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2968328                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2956763                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1647077                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1646643                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2956763                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.024747                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2063619                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2063619                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2069709                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2063619                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       910048                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       909911                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2063619                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.017271                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1733170                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1733170                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1735668                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1733170                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       785458                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       785390                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1733170                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.014506                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1991730                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1991730                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1995095                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1991730                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1011130                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1010974                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1991730                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.016670                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1768647                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1768647                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1771523                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1768647                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       800979                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       800879                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1768647                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.014803                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1062383                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1062383                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1064395                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1062383                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       454713                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       454667                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1062383                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.008892                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1495815                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1495815                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1499862                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1495815                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       676375                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       676259                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1495815                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.012519                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2035749                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2035749                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2041469                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2035749                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       821972                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       821877                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2035749                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.017038                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1618365                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1618365                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1622291                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1618365                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       689027                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       688941                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1618365                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.013545                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1507891                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1507891                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1513509                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1507891                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       707685                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       707499                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1507891                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.012620                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       891093                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       891093                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       893614                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       891093                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       398374                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       398297                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       891093                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.007458                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       888951                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       888951                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       889399                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       888951                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       451745                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       451743                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       888951                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.007440                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       985098                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       985098                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       985819                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       985098                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       541413                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       541358                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       985098                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.008245                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       948164                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       948164                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       948888                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       948164                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       474041                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       474016                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       948164                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.007936                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       273788                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       273788                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004941                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       848827                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       848827                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       849266                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       848827                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       407384                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       407379                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       848827                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007104                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       971874                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       971874                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       972603                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       971874                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       530215                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       530126                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       971874                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.008134                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       934753                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       934753                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       935528                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       934753                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       462247                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       462221                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       934753                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.007823                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       597352                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       597352                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       597352                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       597352                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       275532                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       275532                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       597352                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005000                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3855278                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3855278                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3899273                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3855278                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1880547                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1879534                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3855278                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.032267                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3674636                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3674636                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3706079                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3674636                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1735497                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1734724                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3674636                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.030755                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3761203                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3761203                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3793736                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3761203                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1696594                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1695611                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3761203                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.031479                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      3820771                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      3820771                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3852645                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3820771                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1770198                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1769339                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      3820771                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.031978                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     6349266     29.35%     29.35% |    14162209     65.46%     94.81% |     1123654      5.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21635129                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     6349268     29.35%     29.35% |    14162210     65.46%     94.81% |     1123654      5.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21635132                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   154721627                       |   334747160                       |    25526324                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    15072501                       |    45475551                       |     1124496                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   24.368427                       |   23.636649                       |   22.717246                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    2.373897                       |    3.211049                       |    1.000749                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    23.803653                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     2.850575                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         26.654228                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002842                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.062081      7.09%      7.09% |    0.062270      7.11%     14.21% |    0.062029      7.09%     21.30% |    0.062193      7.11%     28.40% |    0.143965     16.45%     44.85% |    0.145192     16.59%     61.44% |    0.144030     16.46%     77.90% |    0.145181     16.59%     94.48% |    0.012066      1.38%     95.86% |    0.012071      1.38%     97.24% |    0.012071      1.38%     98.62% |    0.012068      1.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.875217                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.021692                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.022643                       |    0.000002                       |    0.002801                       |    0.002145                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002145                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002139                       |    0.002133                       |    0.002132                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004932                       |    0.002517                       |    0.002470                       |    0.002478                       |    0.002487                       |    0.002458                       |    0.002435                       |    0.002400                       |    0.002526                       |    0.002514                       |    0.002562                       |    0.002497                       |    0.002462                       |    0.002450                       |    0.002434                       |    0.002420                       |    0.002570                       |    0.002468                       |    0.002487                       |    0.002450                       |    0.002460                       |    0.002461                       |    0.002479                       |    0.002422                       |    0.002516                       |    0.002455                       |    0.002461                       |    0.002469                       |    0.002504                       |    0.002493                       |    0.002606                       |    0.002646                       |    0.010998                       |    0.010852                       |    0.010853                       |    0.010841                       |    0.000205                       |           0                       |    0.000638                       |    0.007461                       |    0.000905                       |    0.000865                       |    0.000847                       |    0.000868                       |    0.000848                       |    0.000859                       |    0.000812                       |    0.000820                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002567                       |    0.000208                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002665                       |    0.002001                       |    0.004025                       |    0.002596                       |    0.000812                       |    0.003672                       |    0.007100                       |    0.003014                       |           0                       |    0.002594                       |    0.005552                       |           0                       |    0.008235                       |    0.012147                       |    0.003738                       |    0.004852                       |    0.002559                       |    0.000905                       |    0.007818                       |    0.008479                       |    0.010882                       |    0.004046                       |    0.002545                       |    0.000865                       |    0.010294                       |    0.006729                       |    0.006950                       |           0                       |    0.002537                       |    0.005417                       |           0                       |    0.011238                       |    0.007152                       |    0.004411                       |           0                       |    0.002558                       |           0                       |    0.005013                       |    0.003580                       |    0.003355                       |           0                       |    0.002585                       |           0                       |    0.002516                       |    0.002003                       |           0                       |    0.002544                       |           0                       |    0.001103                       |    0.002461                       |    0.002137                       |    0.004024                       |    0.002548                       |    0.000820                       |    0.004847                       |    0.003420                       |    0.006906                       |    0.002181                       |    0.004034                       |    0.002570                       |    0.000847                       |    0.003846                       |    0.009543                       |    0.010038                       |    0.002930                       |    0.027463                       |    0.004238                       |    0.000638                       |    0.006878                       |    0.014756                       |    0.017797                       |    0.006410                       |    0.000004                       |    0.002568                       |    0.007461                       |    0.006223                       |    0.012341                       |    0.013024                       |    0.006317                       |    0.004046                       |    0.002528                       |    0.000868                       |    0.005667                       |    0.007882                       |    0.006787                       |    0.003655                       |           0                       |    0.002558                       |           0                       |    0.002340                       |    0.004917                       |    0.003409                       |    0.003446                       |           0                       |    0.002535                       |           0                       |    0.001008                       |    0.002455                       |    0.002137                       |           0                       |    0.002575                       |           0                       |    0.000363                       |    0.002479                       |    0.002519                       |           0                       |    0.002618                       |           0                       |    0.004263                       |    0.003320                       |    0.004544                       |    0.002527                       |           0                       |    0.002657                       |    0.005417                       |           0                       |    0.002935                       |    0.008045                       |    0.009919                       |    0.002506                       |    0.004034                       |    0.002525                       |    0.000848                       |    0.016708                       |    0.007530                       |    0.006095                       |    0.002621                       |    0.004034                       |    0.002506                       |    0.000859                       |    0.005329                       |    0.010284                       |    0.005569                       |    0.002530                       |           0                       |    0.002650                       |    0.005412                       |           0                       |    0.003610                       |    0.011287                       |    0.006446                       |    0.002572                       |           0                       |    0.002516                       |           0                       |    0.001611                       |    0.004910                       |    0.003226                       |    0.002539                       |           0                       |    0.002565                       |           0                       |    0.000267                       |    0.002461                       |    0.002531                       |           0                       |    0.002519                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002422                       |           0                       |    0.002527                       |           0                       |    0.002005                       |           0                       |    0.004359                       |           0                       |    0.002506                       |           0                       |    0.003017                       |    0.001508                       |    0.005487                       |           0                       |    0.002621                       |           0                       |    0.008327                       |    0.003234                       |    0.002856                       |           0                       |    0.002530                       |           0                       |    0.002014                       |    0.006360                       |    0.002642                       |           0                       |    0.002572                       |           0                       |    0.004357                       |    0.005690                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002539                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004919                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002531                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002469                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.875217                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8042205                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8042205                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       341357                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      6142851                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5513160                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     89.749206                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          741503                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29467                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             12341660                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              52692                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             9923157                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             44999                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         12394352                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         9968156                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  22264817                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   97691                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              22362508                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              4877321                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9777                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          4887098                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   4877321                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9777                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               4887098                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                112653310                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17653405                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               48112900                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8042205                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      6254663                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              90006565                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          756828                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             144043                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       160866                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       232883                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3322                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       321320                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           4876646                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        137976                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3940                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    108900818                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.809020                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.160888                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         92333789     84.79%     84.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1692007      1.55%     86.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1171917      1.08%     87.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          2674632      2.46%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1595402      1.47%     91.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           731674      0.67%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1371598      1.26%     93.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           864779      0.79%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6465020      5.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    108900818                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.071389                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.427088                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         10423077                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      86682744                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           5838977                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5577599                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         378414                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       82350875                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         378414                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         12518997                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        49715622                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      6486036                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9014282                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30787460                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       80937426                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65282                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        8037494                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         357700                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       20634632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     90453884                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     184710443                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    118000788                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          136                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      77967782                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12486087                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       176842                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       179142                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          34301027                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7587338                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     10147064                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2628247                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2169522                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           78865671                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       657255                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          82004967                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       172392                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7817338                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12083000                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        62820                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    108900818                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.753024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.475184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     76814892     70.54%     70.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     12254292     11.25%     81.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      6444773      5.92%     87.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4671200      4.29%     92.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3479634      3.20%     95.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3217525      2.95%     98.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1483696      1.36%     99.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       339256      0.31%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       195550      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    108900818                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          181162     20.19%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         631768     70.39%     90.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         84558      9.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       273042      0.33%      0.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      59156111     72.14%     72.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        28107      0.03%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52350      0.06%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12480607     15.22%     87.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     10014750     12.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       82004967                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.727941                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              897488                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010944                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    273980537                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     87347402                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     75864809                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           95                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          252                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           36                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       82629365                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              48                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2379155                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1155071                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2668                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7542                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       519300                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5592199                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         378414                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         7131653                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      34295705                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     79522926                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        97391                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7587338                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     10147064                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       648039                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         629485                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      33447805                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7542                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       179417                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       213978                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       393395                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      81427324                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      12330804                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       480459                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             22268761                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          6477124                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            9937957                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.722813                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               75945245                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              75864845                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          45900130                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          76022525                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.673436                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.603770                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8834116                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       594435                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       354440                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    107508946                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.657400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.645292                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     84591047     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7980996      7.42%     86.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4373006      4.07%     90.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2458399      2.29%     92.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2643015      2.46%     94.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2084319      1.94%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       480902      0.45%     97.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       482949      0.45%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2414313      2.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    107508946                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     39724419                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       70676419                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               16060026                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6432263                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5816                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6095424                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          70302162                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       662737                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       159035      0.23%      0.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     54379610     76.94%     77.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        26906      0.04%     77.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50842      0.07%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6432263      9.10%     86.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      9627763     13.62%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     70676419                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2414313                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            184531097                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           160419299                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85292                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3752492                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6827941                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            39724419                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              70676419                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.835871                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.835871                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.352625                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.352625                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        120167370                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        59120669                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                36                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          29748511                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         24623529                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        35403673                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         168859                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean              10642513500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            10642513500.000010                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3408206                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        25.949083                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       23.203903                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       12.354336                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3391718     99.52%     99.52% |       15433      0.45%     99.97% |         728      0.02%     99.99% |         225      0.01%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3408206                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       4039191                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.026701                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       22.989708                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.515447                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     2873375     71.14%     71.14% |     1165681     28.86%    100.00% |          89      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         4039191                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         25464                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.389373                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.909294                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.882932                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         790      3.10%      3.10% |        3490     13.71%     16.81% |       11397     44.76%     61.57% |        5215     20.48%     82.05% |        4148     16.29%     98.33% |         364      1.43%     99.76% |          55      0.22%     99.98% |           5      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           25464                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6142398                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           29.403665                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.116308                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          83.091931                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6128046     99.77%     99.77% |       11817      0.19%     99.96% |        1130      0.02%     99.98% |         732      0.01%     99.99% |         428      0.01%    100.00% |         161      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6142398                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5338407                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000529                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000457                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.023018                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5335583     99.95%     99.95% |        2822      0.05%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5338407                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       803991                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     204.717421                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    176.961168                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    131.848692                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      789639     98.21%     98.21% |       11817      1.47%     99.68% |        1130      0.14%     99.83% |         732      0.09%     99.92% |         428      0.05%     99.97% |         161      0.02%     99.99% |          61      0.01%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        803991                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          9695121                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            7.815011                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.363041                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          31.550678                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     9505939     98.05%     98.05% |      167126      1.72%     99.77% |       18840      0.19%     99.97% |         257      0.00%     99.97% |        1269      0.01%     99.98% |        1495      0.02%    100.00% |         189      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            9695121                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      9407473                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000186                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000160                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.013630                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9405725     99.98%     99.98% |        1748      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        9407473                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       287648                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     165.282960                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    140.763275                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     89.425809                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |       98466     34.23%     34.23% |      167126     58.10%     92.33% |       18840      6.55%     98.88% |         257      0.09%     98.97% |        1269      0.44%     99.41% |        1495      0.52%     99.93% |         189      0.07%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        287648                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      4870191                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.091146                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.257012                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      15.714842                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     4856538     99.72%     99.72% |       11224      0.23%     99.95% |        2173      0.04%     99.99% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |          89      0.00%    100.00% |         108      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        4870191                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      4745904                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000459                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4745903    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      4745904                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124287                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    84.941619                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.154138                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    55.981580                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110634     89.01%     89.01% |       11224      9.03%     98.05% |        2173      1.75%     99.79% |          45      0.04%     99.83% |          89      0.07%     99.90% |         108      0.09%     99.99% |          14      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124287                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       156273                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.753796                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.647832                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    30.181213                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      154292     98.73%     98.73% |        1528      0.98%     99.71% |         393      0.25%     99.96% |          19      0.01%     99.97% |          20      0.01%     99.99% |          14      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       156273                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       147004                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000837                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000722                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.028914                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      146881     99.92%     99.92% |         123      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       147004                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9269                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    99.994282                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    80.739281                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    80.675277                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        7288     78.63%     78.63% |        1528     16.49%     95.11% |         393      4.24%     99.35% |          19      0.20%     99.56% |          20      0.22%     99.77% |          14      0.15%     99.92% |           7      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9269                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.364472                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.451551                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.669480                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          20      3.06%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    76.233333                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.468662                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    58.353668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20     66.67%     66.67% |           5     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           3     10.00%     93.33% |           1      3.33%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13465                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       594863                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        62704                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    18022                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    54668                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                     7434                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   108889                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     7466                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    54695                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                     8148                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                   108967                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     7470                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   54676                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    7431                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                  108743                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                    7469                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   54652                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    8154                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                  108773                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                    7470                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   54677                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                    7436                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                  108918                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    7469                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   54694                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                    7435                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                  108667                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    7469                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   54759                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_hits                    6712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_hits                  109248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_hits                    7465                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_hits                   54767                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_hits                    6713                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_hits                  108954                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_hits                    7469                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    410                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    788                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                    118                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    807                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                     86                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    761                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                    132                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    729                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                     82                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                   780                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   121                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   825                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                    83                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   804                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                   126                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   795                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                    82                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   779                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                   116                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                   778                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                    83                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                   762                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                   117                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                   773                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                    83                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                   697                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_misses                   112                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_misses                   704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_misses                    87                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_misses                   689                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_misses                   111                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_misses                   742                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_misses                    83                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     5614                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                       61                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                      120                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                       27                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                        9                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                       55                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                      122                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                        6                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                        9                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                      48                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                     122                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                      30                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                       9                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                      49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                     122                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                       6                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                       9                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                      43                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                     113                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                      32                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                       9                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                      51                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                     102                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                       6                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                       9                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                      45                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshrhits                     128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshrhits                      28                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshrhits                       9                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshrhits                      35                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshrhits                     114                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshrhits                      26                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshrhits                       9                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                18432                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               109696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                 8280                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               109696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses              109568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                8280                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses              109568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses              109696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses              109440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_accesses                6824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_accesses              109952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_accesses                6824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_accesses              109696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  341797                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  215069                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                  378739                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  216503                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  117916                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  195345                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  355690                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                  192380                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                  106647                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                 214612                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                 374608                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                 223633                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                 118037                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               31027405                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles               31180996                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               31027387                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               30935493                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               31042003                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               31205573                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles               31047311                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               30945256                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               31026357                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles               31163387                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles               31033187                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles               30936957                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles               31066254                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlbCycles               31210674                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlbCycles               31069813                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlbCycles               30970904                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlbCycles               31045375                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlbCycles               31192841                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlbCycles               31056057                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlbCycles               30957580                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                    9216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  108544                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                    6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                       0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                    3672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                  108544                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                 108416                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   3672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                 108416                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                 108544                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                 108288                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_reads                   3240                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_reads                 108800                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_reads                   3240                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_reads                 108544                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   9216                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                      0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   4608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  4608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_writes                  3584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_writes                  3584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 9081                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                53525                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 3356                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits               107767                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 6314                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                    0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                53543                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 3560                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits               107822                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 6318                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               53524                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                3351                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits              107608                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                6317                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               53506                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                3563                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits              107645                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits                6318                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               53526                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                3351                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits              107768                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                6317                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits               53560                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits                3353                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits              107523                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                6317                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               53607                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readhits                3143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readhits              108098                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readhits                6313                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readhits               53615                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readhits                3142                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readhits              107810                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readhits                6317                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                135                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                779                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                100                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                777                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 86                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                  0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                761                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                112                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                722                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                 82                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses               780                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               105                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               808                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses                83                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses               798                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses               109                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               771                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses                82                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               778                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses               105                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses               776                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses                83                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses               744                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses               103                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses               765                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses                83                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses               697                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readmisses                97                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readmisses               702                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readmisses                87                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readmisses               689                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readmisses                98                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readmisses               734                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readmisses                83                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                8941                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                1143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                4078                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                1122                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                4588                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                1145                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               4080                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               1135                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               1146                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               4591                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               1128                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               1151                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               4085                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits               1150                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               1134                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               4082                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               1144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writehits               3569                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writehits               1150                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writehits               3571                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writehits               1144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               275                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                 9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                18                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses                30                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 7                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses               16                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses               17                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses                6                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses               17                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses               24                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses                1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses               11                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses                2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses               18                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses               14                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses                8                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writemisses               15                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writemisses                2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writemisses               13                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writemisses                8                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                      17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 775997                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                8654908                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                1173881                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                8936407                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 700897                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                      0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                8690687                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                1212114                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                9024133                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 684424                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               8614099                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               1161496                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               8850364                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                700458                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               8566346                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               1205231                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               8911984                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles                675646                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               8544426                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               1171816                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               8771612                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                695845                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               8513731                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               1122191                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles               8795940                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                670896                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               9101877                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.job_cycles               1148292                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.job_cycles               9318578                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.job_cycles                737288                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.job_cycles               8941281                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.job_cycles               1121457                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.job_cycles               9075244                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.job_cycles                712812                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                       0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     408                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                    408                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_tasks                    360                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_tasks                    360                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                643322                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               8570843                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               1116922                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               8849422                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                675067                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                     0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               8608112                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1153375                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               8938414                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                661096                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              8530081                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1104106                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              8763487                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               675920                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              8483683                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              1145572                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              8826073                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles               652187                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              8460396                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              1115144                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              8684780                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles               670574                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              8431061                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              1071064                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles              8710336                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               647079                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              9014726                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_cycles              1089881                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_cycles              9228489                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_cycles               708088                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_cycles              8855540                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_cycles              1067383                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_cycles              8986757                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_cycles               686176                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             267376                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             570507                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             458717                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             577684                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles              93128                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             568499                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             443984                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             577381                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles              95236                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            572945                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            452640                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            576451                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles             92254                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            570446                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            446596                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            578126                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles             93162                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            571149                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            459654                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            577334                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles             92687                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            570325                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            415257                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            579104                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles             94397                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            573618                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_cycles            454190                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_cycles            577837                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_cycles             98256                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_cycles            574303                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_cycles            437107                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_cycles            578514                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_cycles             95008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               968507                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               112627                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               116719                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               121183                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               101575                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               105532                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               109729                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              113419                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              116851                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              120799                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              101756                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              106416                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              108388                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              113650                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles              115815                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              121010                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles              101953                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              104920                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              108629                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles              136276                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_cycles              141129                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_cycles              143734                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_cycles              125366                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_cycles              129221                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_cycles              131693                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           643322                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          8570843                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          1116922                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          8849422                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time           675067                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          8608112                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1153375                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          8938414                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           661096                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         8530081                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1104106                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         8763487                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          675920                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         8483683                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         1145572                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         8826073                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time          652187                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         8460396                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         1115144                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         8684780                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time          670574                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         8431061                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         1071064                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time         8710336                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          647079                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         9014726                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_action_time         1089881                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_action_time         9228489                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_action_time          708088                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_action_time         8855540                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_action_time         1067383                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_action_time         8986757                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_action_time          686176                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        263029                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        570507                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        456723                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        577684                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         92727                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        568499                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        441620                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        577381                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time         95060                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       572945                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       450545                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       576451                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time        91945                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       570446                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       444569                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       578126                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time        92808                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       571149                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       457643                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       577334                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        92608                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       570325                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       413718                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time       579104                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time        94010                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       573618                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_action_time       451417                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_action_time       577837                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_action_time        98085                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_action_time       574303                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_action_time       434647                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_action_time       578514                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_action_time        94846                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          633411                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          112627                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          116719                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          120292                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          101575                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          105532                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          108927                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         113419                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         116851                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         119906                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         101756                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         106416                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         107587                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         113650                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         115815                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         120118                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         101953                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         104920                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         107828                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time         136276                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_action_time         141129                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_action_time         142663                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_action_time         125366                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_action_time         129221                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_action_time         130710                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             775740                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            8585164                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            1116922                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            8864590                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             690103                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time                  0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            8620943                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            1153375                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            8952311                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             674710                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           8544355                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           1104106                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           8778542                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            690903                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           8496602                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           1145572                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           8840167                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time            665925                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           8474682                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           1115144                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           8699785                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            685605                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           8443987                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           1071064                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time           8724123                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            660830                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           9032133                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.rw_action_time           1089881                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.rw_action_time           9246771                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.rw_action_time            726295                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.rw_action_time           8871537                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.rw_action_time           1067383                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.rw_action_time           9003427                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.rw_action_time            702855                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               603                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              1493                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles               953                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles              1374                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles               880                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1586                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles              983                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles             1490                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles              925                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles             1803                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles             1177                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles             1461                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles              966                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_busy_cycles             1623                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_busy_cycles             1170                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_busy_cycles             1713                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_busy_cycles             1177                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          98297946                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          98707359                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         103209466                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         104039867                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         108688906                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          98707355                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         103209462                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         104039863                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         108688902                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         98707361                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        103209468                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        104039869                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        108688908                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         98707357                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        103209464                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        104039865                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        108688904                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         98707366                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        103209473                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        104039874                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        108688913                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles         98707362                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        103209469                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        104039870                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        108688909                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles         98707378                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_idle_cycles        103209485                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_idle_cycles        104039886                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_idle_cycles        108688925                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_idle_cycles         98707374                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_idle_cycles        103209481                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_idle_cycles        104039882                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_idle_cycles        108688921                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         11099479                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         15152650                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         11242129                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         14905540                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         10765342                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         15128373                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         11247463                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles         14882632                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles         10759364                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles        15101093                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles        11240383                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles        14871967                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles        10764914                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles        15083186                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles        11248234                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles        14848474                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles        10755529                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles        15065132                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles        11245149                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles        14809326                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles        10764120                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles        15061905                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles        11232315                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles        14809539                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles        10750779                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles        15364545                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_stall_cycles        11253898                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_stall_cycles        15100673                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_stall_cycles        10785019                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_stall_cycles        15253767                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_stall_cycles        11250726                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_stall_cycles        15011085                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_stall_cycles        10774025                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               260                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               742                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               106                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               780                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0                77                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               718                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               120                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               723                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0                73                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              740                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              109                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              795                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0               74                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              766                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              114                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              789                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0               73                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              742                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              104                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              750                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0               74                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              724                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              105                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0              767                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0               74                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              663                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_0              100                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_0              676                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_0               78                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_0              660                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_0               99                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_0              716                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_0               74                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              3477                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              1128                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              3970                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              1122                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              1140                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              4478                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              1145                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             1144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             3970                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             1135                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             1135                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             4481                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             1128                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             1145                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             3984                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             1146                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             1121                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             3992                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             1144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             1141                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_1             3453                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_1             1150                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_1             1146                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_1             3469                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_1             1144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              3108                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             38828                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              3013                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             47693                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              2552                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             39066                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              3206                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             48852                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              2612                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            39016                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             3008                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2            47434                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             2549                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2            39144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2             3209                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2            49034                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             2610                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2            38975                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             3015                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2            47560                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2             2552                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2            38992                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             3038                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2            48821                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2             2614                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2            38613                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_2             2812                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_2            44729                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_2             2423                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_2            38784                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_2             2819                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_2            45342                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_2             2545                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles           26847                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles            3638                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles            4065                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles            1138                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles            1161                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles            3201                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles            3969                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles            1137                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles             665                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles           1393                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles           4000                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles           2546                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles           1129                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles           2919                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles           4027                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles           1136                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles           1116                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles           2156                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles           3669                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles           2368                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles            992                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles           2754                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles           3384                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles           1132                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles           1132                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles           4003                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshr_stall_cycles           5095                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshr_stall_cycles           2775                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshr_stall_cycles           1097                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshr_stall_cycles           1556                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshr_stall_cycles           4408                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshr_stall_cycles           1997                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshr_stall_cycles           1070                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      219256     25.25%     25.25% |      216426     24.92%     50.18% |      216434     24.93%     75.10% |      216204     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       868320                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56724     25.90%     25.90% |       54109     24.70%     50.60% |       54124     24.71%     75.31% |       54069     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       219026                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      219283     25.25%     25.25% |      216426     24.92%     50.18% |      216434     24.92%     75.10% |      216203     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       868346                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       62620     25.81%     25.81% |       60011     24.73%     50.54% |       60030     24.74%     75.28% |       59976     24.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       242637                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6096     25.00%     25.00% |        6096     25.00%     50.00% |        6096     25.00%     75.00% |        6096     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24384                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      154340     25.03%     25.03% |      154125     25.00%     50.03% |      154118     25.00%     75.03% |      153943     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       616526                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      219256     25.25%     25.25% |      216426     24.92%     50.18% |      216434     24.93%     75.10% |      216204     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       868320                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       56469     25.88%     25.88% |       53915     24.71%     50.59% |       53934     24.72%     75.31% |       53880     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       218198                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      154340     25.03%     25.03% |      154125     25.00%     50.03% |      154118     25.00%     75.03% |      153943     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       616526                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      219256     25.25%     25.25% |      216426     24.92%     50.18% |      216434     24.93%     75.10% |      216203     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       868319                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       56469     25.88%     25.88% |       53915     24.71%     50.59% |       53934     24.72%     75.31% |       53880     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       218198                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          773                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     4754192     77.39%     77.39% |          76      0.00%     77.39% |      181731      2.96%     80.35% |      172731      2.81%     83.16% |      172388      2.81%     85.96% |      172603      2.81%     88.77% |      172515      2.81%     91.58% |      172259      2.80%     94.39% |      172555      2.81%     97.20% |      172299      2.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6143349                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     4870257    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      4870257                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     9785124     99.30%     99.30% |           0      0.00%     99.30% |       16643      0.17%     99.47% |        8001      0.08%     99.55% |        7489      0.08%     99.63% |        8001      0.08%     99.71% |        7489      0.08%     99.78% |        7489      0.08%     99.86% |        6977      0.07%     99.93% |        6977      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      9854190                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15730     73.07%     73.07% |          71      0.33%     73.40% |        2321     10.78%     84.19% |         496      2.30%     86.49% |         482      2.24%     88.73% |         487      2.26%     90.99% |         493      2.29%     93.28% |         505      2.35%     95.63% |         452      2.10%     97.73% |         489      2.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        21526                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      561696     46.15%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |       96181      7.90%     54.06% |       80105      6.58%     60.64% |       79859      6.56%     67.20% |       80099      6.58%     73.78% |       79866      6.56%     80.34% |       79857      6.56%     86.91% |       79700      6.55%     93.45% |       79655      6.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1217018                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7      0.71%      0.71% |         135     13.69%     14.40% |         134     13.59%     27.99% |         135     13.69%     41.68% |         137     13.89%     55.58% |         138     14.00%     69.57% |         165     16.73%     86.31% |         135     13.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          986                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          14      0.47%      0.47% |           3      0.10%      0.58% |          81      2.74%      3.32% |         409     13.86%     17.17% |         407     13.79%     30.96% |         407     13.79%     44.75% |         417     14.13%     58.88% |         429     14.53%     73.41% |         370     12.53%     85.94% |         415     14.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         2952                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     85.33%     85.33% |           0      0.00%     85.33% |           0      0.00%     85.33% |           0      0.00%     85.33% |           4      5.33%     90.67% |           2      2.67%     93.33% |           4      5.33%     98.67% |           1      1.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total           75                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      154471     19.35%     19.35% |          63      0.01%     19.36% |       85685     10.73%     30.09% |       79911     10.01%     40.10% |       79727      9.99%     50.09% |       79922     10.01%     60.10% |       79724      9.99%     70.09% |       79722      9.99%     80.07% |       79532      9.96%     90.04% |       79534      9.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       798291                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.03%      0.03% |          13      0.44%      0.47% |        2272     76.96%     77.44% |         104      3.52%     80.96% |          91      3.08%     84.04% |          96      3.25%     87.30% |          92      3.12%     90.41% |         100      3.39%     93.80% |          95      3.22%     97.02% |          88      2.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         2952                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      411004     96.99%     96.99% |           0      0.00%     96.99% |        8684      2.05%     99.04% |         614      0.14%     99.19% |         565      0.13%     99.32% |         607      0.14%     99.46% |         570      0.13%     99.60% |         557      0.13%     99.73% |         594      0.14%     99.87% |         557      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       423752                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          70     37.23%     37.23% |          16      8.51%     45.74% |          16      8.51%     54.26% |          16      8.51%     62.77% |          16      8.51%     71.28% |          19     10.11%     81.38% |          16      8.51%     89.89% |          19     10.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21      9.13%      9.13% |           0      0.00%      9.13% |          80     34.78%     43.91% |          16      6.96%     50.87% |          16      6.96%     57.83% |          16      6.96%     64.78% |          20      8.70%     73.48% |          21      9.13%     82.61% |          20      8.70%     91.30% |          20      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total          230                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      438207     40.40%     40.40% |           0      0.00%     40.40% |       93594      8.63%     49.02% |       79220      7.30%     56.33% |       78999      7.28%     63.61% |       79235      7.30%     70.91% |       78988      7.28%     78.19% |       78969      7.28%     85.47% |       78793      7.26%     92.74% |       78785      7.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1084790                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      153609     19.14%     19.14% |          38      0.00%     19.15% |       88205     10.99%     30.14% |       80273     10.00%     40.15% |       80067      9.98%     50.12% |       80267     10.00%     60.13% |       80069      9.98%     70.11% |       80067      9.98%     80.08% |       79925      9.96%     90.04% |       79879      9.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       802399                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122933    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122933                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      286062     96.41%     96.41% |           0      0.00%     96.41% |        8488      2.86%     99.27% |         344      0.12%     99.38% |         304      0.10%     99.48% |         344      0.12%     99.60% |         309      0.10%     99.70% |         302      0.10%     99.81% |         287      0.10%     99.90% |         288      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       296728                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11274     67.29%     67.29% |           0      0.00%     67.29% |        2296     13.70%     80.99% |         463      2.76%     83.75% |         454      2.71%     86.46% |         457      2.73%     89.19% |         463      2.76%     91.95% |         471      2.81%     94.77% |         420      2.51%     97.27% |         457      2.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        16755                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1459     91.59%     91.59% |          38      2.39%     93.97% |          12      0.75%     94.73% |          12      0.75%     95.48% |          12      0.75%     96.23% |          12      0.75%     96.99% |          12      0.75%     97.74% |          12      0.75%     98.49% |          12      0.75%     99.25% |          12      0.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1593                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1356    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1356                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          60     93.75%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           2      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      1.56%     98.44% |           1      1.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         823     42.66%     42.66% |           0      0.00%     42.66% |          17      0.88%     43.55% |         153      7.93%     51.48% |         147      7.62%     59.10% |         148      7.67%     66.77% |         152      7.88%     74.65% |         157      8.14%     82.79% |         181      9.38%     92.17% |         151      7.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1929                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       12245      1.72%      1.72% |           0      0.00%      1.72% |       87214     12.27%     13.99% |       87458     12.30%     26.30% |       87299     12.28%     38.58% |       86959     12.23%     50.81% |       87469     12.30%     63.11% |       87173     12.26%     75.38% |       87562     12.32%     87.70% |       87465     12.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       710844                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     4745904    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      4745904                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21     13.55%     13.55% |           0      0.00%     13.55% |          16     10.32%     23.87% |          16     10.32%     34.19% |          16     10.32%     44.52% |          16     10.32%     54.84% |          16     10.32%     65.16% |          19     12.26%     77.42% |          16     10.32%     87.74% |          19     12.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total          155                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2211     89.55%     89.55% |          14      0.57%     90.12% |          25      1.01%     91.13% |          33      1.34%     92.47% |          28      1.13%     93.60% |          30      1.22%     94.82% |          30      1.22%     96.03% |          34      1.38%     97.41% |          32      1.30%     98.70% |          32      1.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2469                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122550     94.14%     94.14% |           0      0.00%     94.14% |        2570      1.97%     96.11% |         732      0.56%     96.67% |         713      0.55%     97.22% |         716      0.55%     97.77% |         726      0.56%     98.33% |         731      0.56%     98.89% |         726      0.56%     99.45% |         719      0.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       130183                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1596011     97.56%     97.56% |           0      0.00%     97.56% |        6075      0.37%     97.94% |        4763      0.29%     98.23% |        4785      0.29%     98.52% |        5140      0.31%     98.83% |        4741      0.29%     99.12% |        4782      0.29%     99.42% |        4831      0.30%     99.71% |        4719      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1635847                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       25202     50.74%     50.74% |           0      0.00%     50.74% |        3074      6.19%     56.93% |        3058      6.16%     63.08% |        3064      6.17%     69.25% |        3057      6.15%     75.41% |        3059      6.16%     81.56% |        3063      6.17%     87.73% |        3049      6.14%     93.87% |        3045      6.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        49671                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1944     97.15%     97.15% |          57      2.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2001                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      127205     17.10%     17.10% |           0      0.00%     17.10% |       82418     11.08%     28.18% |       76524     10.29%     38.47% |       76336     10.26%     48.73% |       76537     10.29%     59.02% |       76331     10.26%     69.28% |       76316     10.26%     79.54% |       76066     10.23%     89.76% |       76156     10.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       743889                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         126     13.79%     13.79% |         126     13.79%     27.57% |         126     13.79%     41.36% |         126     13.79%     55.14% |         126     13.79%     68.93% |         158     17.29%     86.21% |         126     13.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          914                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           1      0.16%      0.16% |           3      0.48%      0.64% |          67     10.77%     11.41% |          77     12.38%     23.79% |          75     12.06%     35.85% |          76     12.22%     48.07% |          82     13.18%     61.25% |          91     14.63%     75.88% |          69     11.09%     86.98% |          81     13.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total          622                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2989919     99.94%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |         225      0.01%     99.95% |         225      0.01%     99.95% |         224      0.01%     99.96% |         225      0.01%     99.97% |         224      0.01%     99.98% |         225      0.01%     99.98% |         225      0.01%     99.99% |         224      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2991716                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     9472289     99.64%     99.64% |           0      0.00%     99.64% |        5065      0.05%     99.70% |        4583      0.05%     99.75% |        4105      0.04%     99.79% |        4582      0.05%     99.84% |        4105      0.04%     99.88% |        4105      0.04%     99.92% |        3624      0.04%     99.96% |        3624      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      9506082                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         301    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          301                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      311002     91.23%     91.23% |           0      0.00%     91.23% |       11176      3.28%     94.51% |        2696      0.79%     95.30% |        2663      0.78%     96.08% |        2698      0.79%     96.87% |        2657      0.78%     97.65% |        2653      0.78%     98.43% |        2727      0.80%     99.23% |        2629      0.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       340901                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7      9.72%      9.72% |           9     12.50%     22.22% |           8     11.11%     33.33% |           9     12.50%     45.83% |          11     15.28%     61.11% |          12     16.67%     77.78% |           7      9.72%     87.50% |           9     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           72                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          13      0.56%      0.56% |           0      0.00%      0.56% |          14      0.60%      1.16% |         332     14.25%     15.41% |         332     14.25%     29.66% |         331     14.21%     43.86% |         335     14.38%     58.24% |         338     14.51%     72.75% |         301     12.92%     85.67% |         334     14.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         2330                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         103    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          103                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      154471     19.35%     19.35% |          63      0.01%     19.36% |       85685     10.73%     30.09% |       79911     10.01%     40.10% |       79727      9.99%     50.09% |       79922     10.01%     60.10% |       79724      9.99%     70.09% |       79722      9.99%     80.07% |       79532      9.96%     90.04% |       79534      9.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       798291                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.03%      0.03% |          13      0.44%      0.47% |        2272     76.96%     77.44% |         104      3.52%     80.96% |          91      3.08%     84.04% |          96      3.25%     87.30% |          92      3.12%     90.41% |         100      3.39%     93.80% |          95      3.22%     97.02% |          88      2.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         2952                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      124882     98.31%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |         260      0.20%     98.51% |         270      0.21%     98.72% |         261      0.21%     98.93% |         261      0.21%     99.13% |         265      0.21%     99.34% |         257      0.20%     99.54% |         310      0.24%     99.79% |         269      0.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       127035                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     85.33%     85.33% |           0      0.00%     85.33% |           0      0.00%     85.33% |           0      0.00%     85.33% |           4      5.33%     90.67% |           2      2.67%     93.33% |           4      5.33%     98.67% |           1      1.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total           75                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      286122     96.43%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |        8424      2.84%     99.27% |         344      0.12%     99.38% |         304      0.10%     99.49% |         346      0.12%     99.60% |         305      0.10%     99.71% |         300      0.10%     99.81% |         284      0.10%     99.90% |         288      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       296717                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          70     37.23%     37.23% |          16      8.51%     45.74% |          16      8.51%     54.26% |          16      8.51%     62.77% |          16      8.51%     71.28% |          19     10.11%     81.38% |          16      8.51%     89.89% |          19     10.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21      9.13%      9.13% |           0      0.00%      9.13% |          80     34.78%     43.91% |          16      6.96%     50.87% |          16      6.96%     57.83% |          16      6.96%     64.78% |          20      8.70%     73.48% |          21      9.13%     82.61% |          20      8.70%     91.30% |          20      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total          230                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         949     99.89%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           1      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total          950                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          64    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        1490    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         1490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      438207     40.40%     40.40% |           0      0.00%     40.40% |       93594      8.63%     49.02% |       79220      7.30%     56.33% |       78999      7.28%     63.61% |       79235      7.30%     70.91% |       78988      7.28%     78.19% |       78969      7.28%     85.47% |       78793      7.26%     92.74% |       78785      7.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1084790                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3860      3.10%      3.10% |        3787      3.05%      6.15% |        3487      2.80%      8.96% |        3501      2.82%     11.77% |        3593      2.89%     14.66% |        3974      3.20%     17.86% |        3756      3.02%     20.88% |        3269      2.63%     23.51% |        3533      2.84%     26.35% |        5157      4.15%     30.50% |        3911      3.15%     33.65% |        3824      3.08%     36.72% |        3493      2.81%     39.53% |        4353      3.50%     43.03% |        3904      3.14%     46.17% |        3753      3.02%     49.19% |        4171      3.36%     52.55% |        4189      3.37%     55.92% |        3560      2.86%     58.78% |        3268      2.63%     61.41% |        3095      2.49%     63.90% |        3727      3.00%     66.90% |        3544      2.85%     69.75% |        3417      2.75%     72.50% |        3649      2.94%     75.43% |        3755      3.02%     78.45% |        3293      2.65%     81.10% |        4746      3.82%     84.92% |        3965      3.19%     88.11% |        5243      4.22%     92.33% |        5076      4.08%     96.41% |        4465      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124318                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       64988      8.08%      8.08% |       24836      3.09%     11.17% |       23705      2.95%     14.12% |       24439      3.04%     17.16% |       23817      2.96%     20.12% |       23531      2.93%     23.05% |       23089      2.87%     25.92% |       23137      2.88%     28.80% |       24586      3.06%     31.86% |       23666      2.94%     34.80% |       25085      3.12%     37.92% |       24511      3.05%     40.97% |       23552      2.93%     43.90% |       23281      2.90%     46.79% |       22842      2.84%     49.63% |       23174      2.88%     52.52% |       25147      3.13%     55.64% |       23723      2.95%     58.59% |       23918      2.97%     61.57% |       23904      2.97%     64.54% |       23672      2.94%     67.48% |       23622      2.94%     70.42% |       23530      2.93%     73.35% |       23266      2.89%     76.24% |       24410      3.04%     79.28% |       23619      2.94%     82.22% |       23355      2.90%     85.12% |       22900      2.85%     87.97% |       23520      2.93%     90.89% |       23070      2.87%     93.76% |       23845      2.97%     96.73% |       26295      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       804035                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       14714      4.96%      4.96% |        8838      2.98%      7.94% |        9240      3.11%     11.05% |        8681      2.92%     13.97% |        9393      3.16%     17.14% |        8835      2.98%     20.11% |        8952      3.02%     23.13% |        8611      2.90%     26.03% |        9445      3.18%     29.21% |        8760      2.95%     32.16% |        9305      3.13%     35.30% |        8687      2.93%     38.23% |        9222      3.11%     41.33% |        8534      2.88%     44.21% |        9045      3.05%     47.26% |        8580      2.89%     50.15% |        9207      3.10%     53.25% |        8631      2.91%     56.16% |        9344      3.15%     59.31% |        8877      2.99%     62.30% |        9432      3.18%     65.47% |        8938      3.01%     68.48% |        9566      3.22%     71.71% |        8814      2.97%     74.68% |        9313      3.14%     77.82% |        8795      2.96%     80.78% |        9561      3.22%     84.00% |        8997      3.03%     87.03% |        9722      3.28%     90.31% |        8908      3.00%     93.31% |       10510      3.54%     96.85% |        9354      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       296811                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |         136     87.74%     87.74% |           0      0.00%     87.74% |           1      0.65%     88.39% |           1      0.65%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           2      1.29%     90.32% |           1      0.65%     90.97% |           0      0.00%     90.97% |           0      0.00%     90.97% |           7      4.52%     95.48% |           1      0.65%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           1      0.65%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           2      1.29%     98.06% |           1      0.65%     98.71% |           1      0.65%     99.35% |           1      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total          155                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       76693      7.07%      7.07% |       33081      3.05%     10.12% |       32374      2.98%     13.10% |       32556      3.00%     16.10% |       32798      3.02%     19.13% |       31713      2.92%     22.05% |       31671      2.92%     24.97% |       31378      2.89%     27.86% |       33637      3.10%     30.96% |       32062      2.96%     33.92% |       33982      3.13%     37.05% |       32830      3.03%     40.08% |       32402      2.99%     43.07% |       31448      2.90%     45.97% |       31481      2.90%     48.87% |       31381      2.89%     51.76% |       33979      3.13%     54.89% |       31813      2.93%     57.82% |       32683      3.01%     60.84% |       32252      2.97%     63.81% |       32740      3.02%     66.83% |       32186      2.97%     69.80% |       32721      3.02%     72.81% |       31714      2.92%     75.74% |       33357      3.07%     78.81% |       32049      2.95%     81.77% |       32559      3.00%     84.77% |       31529      2.91%     87.67% |       32879      3.03%     90.70% |       31617      2.91%     93.62% |       33985      3.13%     96.75% |       35240      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1084790                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        9270      4.25%      4.25% |        6727      3.09%      7.34% |        6744      3.09%     10.43% |        6733      3.09%     13.52% |        6714      3.08%     16.60% |        6726      3.09%     19.69% |        6735      3.09%     22.78% |        6725      3.08%     25.86% |        6742      3.09%     28.95% |        6742      3.09%     32.05% |        6747      3.10%     35.14% |        6744      3.09%     38.24% |        6728      3.09%     41.32% |        6732      3.09%     44.41% |        6728      3.09%     47.50% |        6729      3.09%     50.58% |        6753      3.10%     53.68% |        6727      3.09%     56.77% |        6744      3.09%     59.86% |        6732      3.09%     62.95% |        6730      3.09%     66.04% |        6750      3.10%     69.13% |        6736      3.09%     72.22% |        6733      3.09%     75.31% |        6739      3.09%     78.40% |        6735      3.09%     81.49% |        6734      3.09%     84.58% |        6727      3.09%     87.67% |        6734      3.09%     90.76% |        6718      3.08%     93.84% |        6717      3.08%     96.92% |        6716      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       217991                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       19495      3.16%      3.16% |       19290      3.13%      6.29% |       19344      3.14%      9.43% |       19277      3.13%     12.55% |       19298      3.13%     15.68% |       19254      3.12%     18.80% |       19236      3.12%     21.92% |       19249      3.12%     25.04% |       19263      3.12%     28.17% |       19287      3.13%     31.29% |       19321      3.13%     34.43% |       19257      3.12%     37.55% |       19306      3.13%     40.68% |       19284      3.13%     43.81% |       19272      3.12%     46.93% |       19244      3.12%     50.05% |       19265      3.12%     53.17% |       19293      3.13%     56.30% |       19249      3.12%     59.42% |       19218      3.12%     62.54% |       19240      3.12%     65.66% |       19231      3.12%     68.78% |       19231      3.12%     71.90% |       19226      3.12%     75.01% |       19284      3.13%     78.14% |       19290      3.13%     81.27% |       19269      3.12%     84.39% |       19229      3.12%     87.51% |       19248      3.12%     90.63% |       19254      3.12%     93.75% |       19245      3.12%     96.87% |       19284      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       616733                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       29881      3.44%      3.44% |       27067      3.12%      6.56% |       27135      3.13%      9.68% |       27058      3.12%     12.80% |       27059      3.12%     15.92% |       27027      3.11%     19.03% |       27019      3.11%     22.14% |       27022      3.11%     25.25% |       27053      3.12%     28.37% |       27077      3.12%     31.49% |       27115      3.12%     34.61% |       27049      3.12%     37.72% |       27081      3.12%     40.84% |       27063      3.12%     43.96% |       27047      3.11%     47.07% |       27020      3.11%     50.19% |       27065      3.12%     53.30% |       27068      3.12%     56.42% |       27041      3.11%     59.53% |       26998      3.11%     62.64% |       27018      3.11%     65.75% |       27030      3.11%     68.87% |       27015      3.11%     71.98% |       27006      3.11%     75.09% |       27070      3.12%     78.21% |       27074      3.12%     81.32% |       27052      3.12%     84.44% |       27002      3.11%     87.55% |       27029      3.11%     90.66% |       27020      3.11%     93.77% |       27010      3.11%     96.89% |       27048      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       868319                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       28857      3.45%      3.45% |       26043      3.12%      6.57% |       26111      3.13%      9.70% |       26034      3.12%     12.81% |       26035      3.12%     15.93% |       26003      3.11%     19.04% |       25995      3.11%     22.15% |       25998      3.11%     25.26% |       26029      3.12%     28.38% |       26053      3.12%     31.50% |       26091      3.12%     34.62% |       26025      3.11%     37.73% |       26057      3.12%     40.85% |       26039      3.12%     43.97% |       26023      3.11%     47.08% |       25996      3.11%     50.19% |       26041      3.12%     53.31% |       26044      3.12%     56.43% |       26017      3.11%     59.54% |       25974      3.11%     62.65% |       25994      3.11%     65.76% |       26006      3.11%     68.87% |       25991      3.11%     71.98% |       25982      3.11%     75.09% |       26046      3.12%     78.21% |       26050      3.12%     81.33% |       26028      3.12%     84.44% |       25978      3.11%     87.55% |       26005      3.11%     90.66% |       25996      3.11%     93.78% |       25986      3.11%     96.89% |       26024      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       835551                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         240      9.12%      9.12% |          78      2.96%     12.09% |          84      3.19%     15.28% |          84      3.19%     18.47% |          95      3.61%     22.08% |          92      3.50%     25.58% |          72      2.74%     28.32% |          76      2.89%     31.20% |          80      3.04%     34.25% |          74      2.81%     37.06% |          78      2.96%     40.02% |          73      2.77%     42.80% |          78      2.96%     45.76% |          70      2.66%     48.42% |          72      2.74%     51.16% |          70      2.66%     53.82% |          71      2.70%     56.52% |          75      2.85%     59.37% |          77      2.93%     62.30% |          74      2.81%     65.11% |          71      2.70%     67.81% |          77      2.93%     70.73% |          74      2.81%     73.55% |          73      2.77%     76.32% |          74      2.81%     79.13% |          78      2.96%     82.10% |          78      2.96%     85.06% |          79      3.00%     88.07% |          80      3.04%     91.11% |          78      2.96%     94.07% |          85      3.23%     97.30% |          71      2.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         2631                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         599     96.30%     96.30% |           4      0.64%     96.95% |           3      0.48%     97.43% |           3      0.48%     97.91% |           0      0.00%     97.91% |           0      0.00%     97.91% |           0      0.00%     97.91% |           0      0.00%     97.91% |           0      0.00%     97.91% |           0      0.00%     97.91% |           0      0.00%     97.91% |           0      0.00%     97.91% |           0      0.00%     97.91% |           0      0.00%     97.91% |           1      0.16%     98.07% |           0      0.00%     98.07% |           1      0.16%     98.23% |           4      0.64%     98.87% |           4      0.64%     99.52% |           3      0.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total          622                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         511     18.17%     18.17% |          94      3.34%     21.51% |          90      3.20%     24.72% |          90      3.20%     27.92% |          69      2.45%     30.37% |          69      2.45%     32.82% |          69      2.45%     35.28% |          69      2.45%     37.73% |          69      2.45%     40.18% |          69      2.45%     42.64% |          69      2.45%     45.09% |          69      2.45%     47.55% |          72      2.56%     50.11% |          69      2.45%     52.56% |          70      2.49%     55.05% |          69      2.45%     57.50% |          69      2.45%     59.96% |          97      3.45%     63.41% |          98      3.49%     66.89% |          98      3.49%     70.38% |          69      2.45%     72.83% |          69      2.45%     75.28% |          71      2.52%     77.81% |          69      2.45%     80.26% |          69      2.45%     82.72% |          70      2.49%     85.21% |          69      2.45%     87.66% |          69      2.45%     90.11% |          71      2.52%     92.64% |          69      2.45%     95.09% |          69      2.45%     97.55% |          69      2.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         2812                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1066      5.87%      5.87% |         530      2.92%      8.79% |         544      3.00%     11.79% |         528      2.91%     14.70% |         544      3.00%     17.70% |         534      2.94%     20.64% |         523      2.88%     23.52% |         539      2.97%     26.49% |         549      3.02%     29.52% |         539      2.97%     32.48% |         579      3.19%     35.67% |         560      3.09%     38.76% |         588      3.24%     42.00% |         580      3.20%     45.20% |         563      3.10%     48.30% |         562      3.10%     51.39% |         574      3.16%     54.56% |         583      3.21%     57.77% |         546      3.01%     60.78% |         527      2.90%     63.68% |         536      2.95%     66.63% |         546      3.01%     69.64% |         531      2.93%     72.57% |         537      2.96%     75.53% |         564      3.11%     78.63% |         564      3.11%     81.74% |         557      3.07%     84.81% |         544      3.00%     87.81% |         536      2.95%     90.76% |         555      3.06%     93.82% |         544      3.00%     96.82% |         578      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18150                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |         777     26.32%     26.32% |          75      2.54%     28.86% |          72      2.44%     31.30% |          72      2.44%     33.74% |          69      2.34%     36.08% |          69      2.34%     38.41% |          69      2.34%     40.75% |          69      2.34%     43.09% |          69      2.34%     45.43% |          69      2.34%     47.76% |          69      2.34%     50.10% |          69      2.34%     52.44% |          73      2.47%     54.91% |          69      2.34%     57.25% |          70      2.37%     59.62% |          69      2.34%     61.96% |          70      2.37%     64.33% |          73      2.47%     66.80% |          74      2.51%     69.31% |          73      2.47%     71.78% |          69      2.34%     74.12% |          69      2.34%     76.46% |          71      2.41%     78.86% |          69      2.34%     81.20% |          69      2.34%     83.54% |          70      2.37%     85.91% |          69      2.34%     88.25% |          69      2.34%     90.58% |          71      2.41%     92.99% |          69      2.34%     95.33% |          69      2.34%     97.66% |          69      2.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         2952                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       77850      7.11%      7.11% |       33394      3.05%     10.16% |       32689      2.98%     13.14% |       32859      3.00%     16.14% |       33108      3.02%     19.16% |       32033      2.92%     22.09% |       31958      2.92%     25.01% |       31674      2.89%     27.90% |       33956      3.10%     31.00% |       32356      2.95%     33.95% |       34303      3.13%     37.09% |       33125      3.02%     40.11% |       32700      2.99%     43.10% |       31745      2.90%     45.99% |       31780      2.90%     48.90% |       31670      2.89%     51.79% |       34275      3.13%     54.92% |       32115      2.93%     57.85% |       32976      3.01%     60.86% |       32545      2.97%     63.83% |       33034      3.02%     66.85% |       32476      2.97%     69.81% |       33015      3.01%     72.83% |       32009      2.92%     75.75% |       33649      3.07%     78.82% |       32343      2.95%     81.78% |       32846      3.00%     84.77% |       31820      2.91%     87.68% |       33170      3.03%     90.71% |       31908      2.91%     93.62% |       34284      3.13%     96.75% |       35573      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1095238                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.11%     11.11% |          52      3.14%     14.25% |          46      2.78%     17.03% |          48      2.90%     19.93% |          46      2.78%     22.71% |          46      2.78%     25.48% |          48      2.90%     28.38% |          48      2.90%     31.28% |          48      2.90%     34.18% |          48      2.90%     37.08% |          46      2.78%     39.86% |          48      2.90%     42.75% |          46      2.78%     45.53% |          46      2.78%     48.31% |          46      2.78%     51.09% |          46      2.78%     53.86% |          46      2.78%     56.64% |          48      2.90%     59.54% |          48      2.90%     62.44% |          48      2.90%     65.34% |          48      2.90%     68.24% |          50      3.02%     71.26% |          48      2.90%     74.15% |          46      2.78%     76.93% |          46      2.78%     79.71% |          50      3.02%     82.73% |          50      3.02%     85.75% |          46      2.78%     88.53% |          46      2.78%     91.30% |          48      2.90%     94.20% |          48      2.90%     97.10% |          48      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1656                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         433      3.20%      3.20% |         386      2.85%      6.05% |         411      3.04%      9.09% |         403      2.98%     12.06% |         422      3.12%     15.18% |         397      2.93%     18.11% |         400      2.95%     21.07% |         417      3.08%     24.15% |         407      3.01%     27.16% |         414      3.06%     30.21% |         430      3.18%     33.39% |         428      3.16%     36.55% |         461      3.41%     39.96% |         449      3.32%     43.27% |         431      3.18%     46.46% |         439      3.24%     49.70% |         444      3.28%     52.98% |         450      3.32%     56.30% |         421      3.11%     59.41% |         397      2.93%     62.35% |         404      2.98%     65.33% |         427      3.15%     68.49% |         406      3.00%     71.49% |         413      3.05%     74.54% |         440      3.25%     77.79% |         443      3.27%     81.06% |         445      3.29%     84.35% |         424      3.13%     87.48% |         415      3.07%     90.54% |         436      3.22%     93.77% |         429      3.17%     96.93% |         415      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13537                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       23439      3.53%      3.53% |       20748      3.12%      6.65% |       20783      3.13%      9.78% |       20705      3.12%     12.89% |       20688      3.11%     16.00% |       20685      3.11%     19.12% |       20679      3.11%     22.23% |       20678      3.11%     25.34% |       20697      3.11%     28.45% |       20719      3.12%     31.57% |       20756      3.12%     34.70% |       20672      3.11%     37.81% |       20681      3.11%     40.92% |       20680      3.11%     44.03% |       20684      3.11%     47.14% |       20649      3.11%     50.25% |       20675      3.11%     53.36% |       20672      3.11%     56.47% |       20673      3.11%     59.58% |       20664      3.11%     62.69% |       20671      3.11%     65.80% |       20651      3.11%     68.91% |       20677      3.11%     72.02% |       20653      3.11%     75.13% |       20683      3.11%     78.24% |       20688      3.11%     81.35% |       20654      3.11%     84.46% |       20636      3.11%     87.57% |       20673      3.11%     90.68% |       20638      3.11%     93.78% |       20627      3.10%     96.88% |       20702      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       664580                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        6009      3.16%      3.16% |        5933      3.12%      6.28% |        5941      3.12%      9.40% |        5950      3.13%     12.53% |        5949      3.13%     15.66% |        5945      3.13%     18.78% |        5940      3.12%     21.91% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5949      3.13%     28.15% |        5944      3.13%     31.28% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5949      3.13%     37.52% |        5939      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.13%     53.13% |        5946      3.13%     56.25% |        5947      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.12%     65.63% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5932      3.12%     71.87% |        5940      3.12%     75.00% |        5947      3.13%     78.12% |        5943      3.12%     81.25% |        5953      3.13%     84.38% |        5943      3.12%     87.50% |        5941      3.12%     90.63% |        5946      3.13%     93.75% |        5954      3.13%     96.88% |        5931      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       190203                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3421      3.09%      3.09% |        3392      3.07%      6.16% |        3072      2.78%      8.93% |        3091      2.79%     11.73% |        3169      2.86%     14.59% |        3570      3.23%     17.82% |        3352      3.03%     20.85% |        2852      2.58%     23.42% |        3126      2.83%     26.25% |        4741      4.28%     30.53% |        3479      3.14%     33.68% |        3394      3.07%     36.75% |        3020      2.73%     39.48% |        3904      3.53%     43.00% |        3469      3.14%     46.14% |        3312      2.99%     49.13% |        3726      3.37%     52.50% |        3739      3.38%     55.88% |        3127      2.83%     58.71% |        2866      2.59%     61.30% |        2682      2.42%     63.72% |        3298      2.98%     66.70% |        3136      2.83%     69.53% |        3002      2.71%     72.25% |        3205      2.90%     75.14% |        3311      2.99%     78.14% |        2845      2.57%     80.71% |        4320      3.90%     84.61% |        3545      3.20%     87.82% |        4793      4.33%     92.15% |        4645      4.20%     96.35% |        4044      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110648                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1206     44.21%     44.21% |         198      7.26%     51.47% |         175      6.41%     57.88% |         181      6.63%     64.52% |          14      0.51%     65.03% |         248      9.09%     74.12% |          14      0.51%     74.63% |           5      0.18%     74.82% |           3      0.11%     74.93% |           1      0.04%     74.96% |          16      0.59%     75.55% |           4      0.15%     75.70% |           1      0.04%     75.73% |           1      0.04%     75.77% |          39      1.43%     77.20% |          16      0.59%     77.79% |           9      0.33%     78.12% |         160      5.87%     83.98% |         213      7.81%     91.79% |         164      6.01%     97.80% |           1      0.04%     97.84% |          15      0.55%     98.39% |          10      0.37%     98.75% |           2      0.07%     98.83% |           5      0.18%     99.01% |           1      0.04%     99.05% |           2      0.07%     99.12% |           8      0.29%     99.41% |           3      0.11%     99.52% |           2      0.07%     99.60% |           3      0.11%     99.71% |           8      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2728                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |          78     72.22%     72.22% |           6      5.56%     77.78% |           2      1.85%     79.63% |           5      4.63%     84.26% |           0      0.00%     84.26% |           1      0.93%     85.19% |           1      0.93%     86.11% |           0      0.00%     86.11% |           0      0.00%     86.11% |           1      0.93%     87.04% |           0      0.00%     87.04% |           0      0.00%     87.04% |           5      4.63%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           3      2.78%     94.44% |           1      0.93%     95.37% |           0      0.00%     95.37% |           0      0.00%     95.37% |           0      0.00%     95.37% |           0      0.00%     95.37% |           1      0.93%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           1      0.93%     97.22% |           1      0.93%     98.15% |           2      1.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total          108                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |         136     87.74%     87.74% |           0      0.00%     87.74% |           1      0.65%     88.39% |           1      0.65%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           0      0.00%     89.03% |           2      1.29%     90.32% |           1      0.65%     90.97% |           0      0.00%     90.97% |           0      0.00%     90.97% |           7      4.52%     95.48% |           1      0.65%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           1      0.65%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           2      1.29%     98.06% |           1      0.65%     98.71% |           1      0.65%     99.35% |           1      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total          155                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          43      1.94%      1.94% |          73      3.29%      5.23% |          70      3.16%      8.39% |          71      3.20%     11.59% |          69      3.11%     14.70% |          72      3.25%     17.95% |          69      3.11%     21.06% |          69      3.11%     24.18% |          69      3.11%     27.29% |          70      3.16%     30.45% |          69      3.11%     33.56% |          69      3.11%     36.67% |          74      3.34%     40.01% |          69      3.11%     43.12% |          71      3.20%     46.32% |          70      3.16%     49.48% |          69      3.11%     52.59% |          70      3.16%     55.75% |          71      3.20%     58.95% |          71      3.20%     62.16% |          69      3.11%     65.27% |          70      3.16%     68.43% |          71      3.20%     71.63% |          69      3.11%     74.74% |          70      3.16%     77.90% |          70      3.16%     81.06% |          69      3.11%     84.17% |          70      3.16%     87.33% |          73      3.29%     90.62% |          69      3.11%     93.73% |          69      3.11%     96.84% |          70      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total         2217                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         892      6.40%      6.40% |         387      2.78%      9.18% |         410      2.94%     12.12% |         402      2.89%     15.01% |         421      3.02%     18.03% |         399      2.86%     20.89% |         401      2.88%     23.77% |         415      2.98%     26.75% |         403      2.89%     29.64% |         410      2.94%     32.59% |         430      3.09%     35.67% |         429      3.08%     38.75% |         456      3.27%     42.03% |         446      3.20%     45.23% |         428      3.07%     48.30% |         434      3.12%     51.41% |         442      3.17%     54.59% |         449      3.22%     57.81% |         423      3.04%     60.85% |         399      2.86%     63.71% |         403      2.89%     66.60% |         423      3.04%     69.64% |         401      2.88%     72.52% |         408      2.93%     75.45% |         437      3.14%     78.58% |         439      3.15%     81.73% |         441      3.17%     84.90% |         421      3.02%     87.92% |         412      2.96%     90.88% |         434      3.12%     93.99% |         424      3.04%     97.04% |         413      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13932                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      5.83%      5.83% |           9      8.74%     14.56% |           4      3.88%     18.45% |           7      6.80%     25.24% |           2      1.94%     27.18% |           7      6.80%     33.98% |           4      3.88%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           2      1.94%     39.81% |           2      1.94%     41.75% |           2      1.94%     43.69% |           4      3.88%     47.57% |           0      0.00%     47.57% |           4      3.88%     51.46% |           2      1.94%     53.40% |           1      0.97%     54.37% |           0      0.00%     54.37% |          12     11.65%     66.02% |           5      4.85%     70.87% |           1      0.97%     71.84% |           2      1.94%     73.79% |           2      1.94%     75.73% |           2      1.94%     77.67% |           4      3.88%     81.55% |           1      0.97%     82.52% |           3      2.91%     85.44% |           2      1.94%     87.38% |           5      4.85%     92.23% |           3      2.91%     95.15% |           1      0.97%     96.12% |           4      3.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          103                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       39563     29.59%     29.59% |        3808      2.85%     32.44% |        2666      1.99%     34.43% |        3473      2.60%     37.03% |        3043      2.28%     39.30% |        2516      1.88%     41.18% |        2327      1.74%     42.92% |        2385      1.78%     44.71% |        3814      2.85%     47.56% |        2877      2.15%     49.71% |        4242      3.17%     52.88% |        3766      2.82%     55.70% |        2797      2.09%     57.79% |        2531      1.89%     59.69% |        2049      1.53%     61.22% |        2440      1.82%     63.04% |        4393      3.29%     66.33% |        2812      2.10%     68.43% |        2952      2.21%     70.64% |        3003      2.25%     72.88% |        2931      2.19%     75.08% |        2887      2.16%     77.24% |        2772      2.07%     79.31% |        2542      1.90%     81.21% |        3653      2.73%     83.94% |        2860      2.14%     86.08% |        2630      1.97%     88.05% |        2187      1.64%     89.68% |        2773      2.07%     91.76% |        2361      1.77%     93.52% |        3146      2.35%     95.87% |        5516      4.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       133715                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        8540      8.10%      8.10% |        2870      2.72%     10.82% |        3268      3.10%     13.91% |        2697      2.56%     16.47% |        3399      3.22%     19.69% |        2857      2.71%     22.40% |        2982      2.83%     25.23% |        2655      2.52%     27.74% |        3467      3.29%     31.03% |        2786      2.64%     33.67% |        3347      3.17%     36.84% |        2709      2.57%     39.41% |        3249      3.08%     42.49% |        2571      2.44%     44.93% |        3084      2.92%     47.85% |        2619      2.48%     50.33% |        3232      3.06%     53.40% |        2656      2.52%     55.92% |        3365      3.19%     59.11% |        2910      2.76%     61.86% |        3460      3.28%     65.14% |        2957      2.80%     67.95% |        3605      3.42%     71.36% |        2845      2.70%     74.06% |        3336      3.16%     77.22% |        2823      2.68%     79.90% |        3578      3.39%     83.29% |        3024      2.87%     86.16% |        3750      3.55%     89.71% |        2933      2.78%     92.49% |        4527      4.29%     96.78% |        3394      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       105495                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        9224      4.28%      4.28% |        6649      3.08%      7.36% |        6669      3.09%     10.45% |        6659      3.09%     13.54% |        6642      3.08%     16.62% |        6649      3.08%     19.70% |        6661      3.09%     22.79% |        6653      3.09%     25.88% |        6669      3.09%     28.97% |        6671      3.09%     32.06% |        6675      3.10%     35.16% |        6673      3.09%     38.25% |        6652      3.08%     41.34% |        6661      3.09%     44.43% |        6653      3.09%     47.51% |        6654      3.09%     50.60% |        6681      3.10%     53.70% |        6655      3.09%     56.78% |        6671      3.09%     59.88% |        6658      3.09%     62.96% |        6658      3.09%     66.05% |        6676      3.10%     69.15% |        6661      3.09%     72.24% |        6657      3.09%     75.32% |        6664      3.09%     78.41% |        6662      3.09%     81.50% |        6661      3.09%     84.59% |        6653      3.09%     87.68% |        6655      3.09%     90.76% |        6644      3.08%     93.84% |        6641      3.08%     96.92% |        6636      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       215647                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       18469      3.07%      3.07% |       18831      3.13%      6.21% |       18860      3.14%      9.35% |       18808      3.13%     12.48% |       18800      3.13%     15.61% |       18774      3.13%     18.74% |       18784      3.13%     21.86% |       18775      3.13%     24.99% |       18776      3.13%     28.11% |       18814      3.13%     31.25% |       18805      3.13%     34.38% |       18764      3.12%     37.50% |       18789      3.13%     40.63% |       18774      3.13%     43.75% |       18781      3.13%     46.88% |       18756      3.12%     50.00% |       18761      3.12%     53.13% |       18776      3.13%     56.25% |       18769      3.12%     59.38% |       18761      3.12%     62.50% |       18774      3.13%     65.63% |       18751      3.12%     68.75% |       18772      3.13%     71.87% |       18761      3.12%     75.00% |       18790      3.13%     78.12% |       18791      3.13%     81.25% |       18776      3.13%     84.38% |       18749      3.12%     87.50% |       18782      3.13%     90.63% |       18764      3.12%     93.75% |       18761      3.12%     96.87% |       18784      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       600682                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |         777     26.32%     26.32% |          75      2.54%     28.86% |          72      2.44%     31.30% |          72      2.44%     33.74% |          69      2.34%     36.08% |          69      2.34%     38.41% |          69      2.34%     40.75% |          69      2.34%     43.09% |          69      2.34%     45.43% |          69      2.34%     47.76% |          69      2.34%     50.10% |          69      2.34%     52.44% |          73      2.47%     54.91% |          69      2.34%     57.25% |          70      2.37%     59.62% |          69      2.34%     61.96% |          70      2.37%     64.33% |          73      2.47%     66.80% |          74      2.51%     69.31% |          73      2.47%     71.78% |          69      2.34%     74.12% |          69      2.34%     76.46% |          71      2.41%     78.86% |          69      2.34%     81.20% |          69      2.34%     83.54% |          70      2.37%     85.91% |          69      2.34%     88.25% |          69      2.34%     90.58% |          71      2.41%     92.99% |          69      2.34%     95.33% |          69      2.34%     97.66% |          69      2.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         2952                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          87      8.82%      8.82% |          29      2.94%     11.76% |          29      2.94%     14.71% |          29      2.94%     17.65% |          29      2.94%     20.59% |          29      2.94%     23.53% |          29      2.94%     26.47% |          29      2.94%     29.41% |          29      2.94%     32.35% |          29      2.94%     35.29% |          29      2.94%     38.24% |          29      2.94%     41.18% |          29      2.94%     44.12% |          29      2.94%     47.06% |          29      2.94%     50.00% |          29      2.94%     52.94% |          29      2.94%     55.88% |          29      2.94%     58.82% |          29      2.94%     61.76% |          29      2.94%     64.71% |          29      2.94%     67.65% |          29      2.94%     70.59% |          29      2.94%     73.53% |          29      2.94%     76.47% |          29      2.94%     79.41% |          29      2.94%     82.35% |          29      2.94%     85.29% |          29      2.94%     88.24% |          29      2.94%     91.18% |          29      2.94%     94.12% |          29      2.94%     97.06% |          29      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total          986                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       76693      7.07%      7.07% |       33081      3.05%     10.12% |       32374      2.98%     13.10% |       32556      3.00%     16.10% |       32798      3.02%     19.13% |       31713      2.92%     22.05% |       31671      2.92%     24.97% |       31378      2.89%     27.86% |       33637      3.10%     30.96% |       32062      2.96%     33.92% |       33982      3.13%     37.05% |       32830      3.03%     40.08% |       32402      2.99%     43.07% |       31448      2.90%     45.97% |       31481      2.90%     48.87% |       31381      2.89%     51.76% |       33979      3.13%     54.89% |       31813      2.93%     57.82% |       32683      3.01%     60.84% |       32252      2.97%     63.81% |       32740      3.02%     66.83% |       32186      2.97%     69.80% |       32721      3.02%     72.81% |       31714      2.92%     75.74% |       33357      3.07%     78.81% |       32049      2.95%     81.77% |       32559      3.00%     84.77% |       31529      2.91%     87.67% |       32879      3.03%     90.70% |       31617      2.91%     93.62% |       33985      3.13%     96.75% |       35240      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1084790                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      2.36%      2.36% |           5      3.94%      6.30% |           5      3.94%     10.24% |           3      2.36%     12.60% |           3      2.36%     14.96% |           5      3.94%     18.90% |           5      3.94%     22.83% |           3      2.36%     25.20% |           4      3.15%     28.35% |           1      0.79%     29.13% |           3      2.36%     31.50% |           2      1.57%     33.07% |           2      1.57%     34.65% |           2      1.57%     36.22% |           4      3.15%     39.37% |           5      3.94%     43.31% |           3      2.36%     45.67% |           2      1.57%     47.24% |           2      1.57%     48.82% |           3      2.36%     51.18% |           3      2.36%     53.54% |           4      3.15%     56.69% |           4      3.15%     59.84% |           7      5.51%     65.35% |           5      3.94%     69.29% |           3      2.36%     71.65% |           4      3.15%     74.80% |           4      3.15%     77.95% |           6      4.72%     82.68% |           5      3.94%     86.61% |           7      5.51%     92.13% |          10      7.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          127                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         134      6.32%      6.32% |          72      3.40%      9.72% |          74      3.49%     13.21% |          67      3.16%     16.38% |          77      3.63%     20.01% |          81      3.82%     23.83% |          51      2.41%     26.24% |          59      2.78%     29.02% |          84      3.96%     32.99% |          63      2.97%     35.96% |          86      4.06%     40.02% |          64      3.02%     43.04% |          61      2.88%     45.92% |          64      3.02%     48.94% |          63      2.97%     51.91% |          54      2.55%     54.46% |          62      2.93%     57.39% |          68      3.21%     60.59% |          57      2.69%     63.28% |          58      2.74%     66.02% |          63      2.97%     68.99% |          57      2.69%     71.68% |          58      2.74%     74.42% |          57      2.69%     77.11% |          57      2.69%     79.80% |          60      2.83%     82.63% |          52      2.45%     85.09% |          59      2.78%     87.87% |          54      2.55%     90.42% |          56      2.64%     93.06% |          60      2.83%     95.89% |          87      4.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2119                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     26.67%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           8     26.67%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |          11     36.67%     90.00% |           1      3.33%     93.33% |           2      6.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           30                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           1      5.88%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |          11     64.71%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           3     17.65%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           2     11.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           17                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       28857      3.45%      3.45% |       26043      3.12%      6.57% |       26111      3.13%      9.70% |       26034      3.12%     12.81% |       26035      3.12%     15.93% |       26003      3.11%     19.04% |       25995      3.11%     22.15% |       25998      3.11%     25.26% |       26029      3.12%     28.38% |       26053      3.12%     31.50% |       26091      3.12%     34.62% |       26025      3.11%     37.73% |       26057      3.12%     40.85% |       26039      3.12%     43.97% |       26023      3.11%     47.08% |       25996      3.11%     50.19% |       26041      3.12%     53.31% |       26044      3.12%     56.43% |       26017      3.11%     59.54% |       25974      3.11%     62.65% |       25994      3.11%     65.76% |       26006      3.11%     68.87% |       25991      3.11%     71.98% |       25982      3.11%     75.09% |       26046      3.12%     78.21% |       26050      3.12%     81.33% |       26028      3.12%     84.44% |       25978      3.11%     87.55% |       26005      3.11%     90.66% |       25996      3.11%     93.78% |       25986      3.11%     96.89% |       26024      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       835551                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          56     59.57%     59.57% |           2      2.13%     61.70% |           3      3.19%     64.89% |           1      1.06%     65.96% |           1      1.06%     67.02% |           1      1.06%     68.09% |           2      2.13%     70.21% |           0      0.00%     70.21% |           1      1.06%     71.28% |           0      0.00%     71.28% |           1      1.06%     72.34% |           1      1.06%     73.40% |           1      1.06%     74.47% |           0      0.00%     74.47% |           1      1.06%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           1      1.06%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           2      2.13%     78.72% |           1      1.06%     79.79% |           2      2.13%     81.91% |           1      1.06%     82.98% |           1      1.06%     84.04% |           2      2.13%     86.17% |           2      2.13%     88.30% |           3      3.19%     91.49% |           3      3.19%     94.68% |           5      5.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           94                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      3.37%      3.37% |           3      3.37%      6.74% |           2      2.25%      8.99% |           2      2.25%     11.24% |           2      2.25%     13.48% |           4      4.49%     17.98% |           3      3.37%     21.35% |           3      3.37%     24.72% |           3      3.37%     28.09% |           1      1.12%     29.21% |           2      2.25%     31.46% |           1      1.12%     32.58% |           1      1.12%     33.71% |           2      2.25%     35.96% |           3      3.37%     39.33% |           5      5.62%     44.94% |           3      3.37%     48.31% |           2      2.25%     50.56% |           1      1.12%     51.69% |           3      3.37%     55.06% |           3      3.37%     58.43% |           2      2.25%     60.67% |           3      3.37%     64.04% |           5      5.62%     69.66% |           4      4.49%     74.16% |           2      2.25%     76.40% |           2      2.25%     78.65% |           2      2.25%     80.90% |           3      3.37%     84.27% |           2      2.25%     86.52% |           2      2.25%     88.76% |          10     11.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           89                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     60.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          12     80.00%     80.00% |           3     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           15                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           6      2.90%      2.90% |           5      2.42%      5.31% |          12      5.80%     11.11% |          14      6.76%     17.87% |          25     12.08%     29.95% |          22     10.63%     40.58% |           1      0.48%     41.06% |           7      3.38%     44.44% |          10      4.83%     49.28% |           5      2.42%     51.69% |           8      3.86%     55.56% |           3      1.45%     57.00% |           4      1.93%     58.94% |           1      0.48%     59.42% |           2      0.97%     60.39% |           1      0.48%     60.87% |           2      0.97%     61.84% |           6      2.90%     64.73% |           6      2.90%     67.63% |           4      1.93%     69.57% |           2      0.97%     70.53% |           6      2.90%     73.43% |           2      0.97%     74.40% |           2      0.97%     75.36% |           4      1.93%     77.29% |           7      3.38%     80.68% |           7      3.38%     84.06% |           8      3.86%     87.92% |           6      2.90%     90.82% |           6      2.90%     93.72% |          11      5.31%     99.03% |           2      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          207                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         128      6.69%      6.69% |          67      3.50%     10.20% |          62      3.24%     13.44% |          53      2.77%     16.21% |          52      2.72%     18.93% |          59      3.09%     22.02% |          50      2.62%     24.63% |          52      2.72%     27.35% |          74      3.87%     31.22% |          58      3.03%     34.26% |          78      4.08%     38.34% |          61      3.19%     41.53% |          57      2.98%     44.51% |          63      3.29%     47.80% |          61      3.19%     50.99% |          53      2.77%     53.77% |          60      3.14%     56.90% |          62      3.24%     60.15% |          51      2.67%     62.81% |          54      2.82%     65.64% |          61      3.19%     68.83% |          51      2.67%     71.50% |          56      2.93%     74.42% |          55      2.88%     77.30% |          53      2.77%     80.07% |          53      2.77%     82.85% |          45      2.35%     85.20% |          51      2.67%     87.87% |          48      2.51%     90.38% |          50      2.62%     92.99% |          49      2.56%     95.55% |          85      4.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1912                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         462     78.31%     78.31% |          23      3.90%     82.20% |          21      3.56%     85.76% |          21      3.56%     89.32% |           0      0.00%     89.32% |           0      0.00%     89.32% |           0      0.00%     89.32% |           0      0.00%     89.32% |           0      0.00%     89.32% |           0      0.00%     89.32% |           0      0.00%     89.32% |           0      0.00%     89.32% |           0      0.00%     89.32% |           0      0.00%     89.32% |           0      0.00%     89.32% |           0      0.00%     89.32% |           0      0.00%     89.32% |          21      3.56%     92.88% |          21      3.56%     96.44% |          21      3.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total          590                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         892      6.40%      6.40% |         387      2.78%      9.18% |         410      2.94%     12.12% |         402      2.89%     15.01% |         421      3.02%     18.03% |         399      2.86%     20.89% |         401      2.88%     23.77% |         415      2.98%     26.75% |         403      2.89%     29.64% |         410      2.94%     32.59% |         430      3.09%     35.67% |         429      3.08%     38.75% |         456      3.27%     42.03% |         446      3.20%     45.23% |         428      3.07%     48.30% |         434      3.12%     51.41% |         442      3.17%     54.59% |         449      3.22%     57.81% |         423      3.04%     60.85% |         399      2.86%     63.71% |         403      2.89%     66.60% |         423      3.04%     69.64% |         401      2.88%     72.52% |         408      2.93%     75.45% |         437      3.14%     78.58% |         439      3.15%     81.73% |         441      3.17%     84.90% |         421      3.02%     87.92% |         412      2.96%     90.88% |         434      3.12%     93.99% |         424      3.04%     97.04% |         413      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13932                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          49      2.21%      2.21% |          71      3.20%      5.40% |          69      3.11%      8.51% |          69      3.11%     11.61% |          69      3.11%     14.72% |          69      3.11%     17.82% |          69      3.11%     20.93% |          69      3.11%     24.03% |          69      3.11%     27.14% |          69      3.11%     30.24% |          69      3.11%     33.35% |          69      3.11%     36.45% |          72      3.24%     39.69% |          69      3.11%     42.80% |          70      3.15%     45.95% |          69      3.11%     49.05% |          69      3.11%     52.16% |          76      3.42%     55.58% |          77      3.47%     59.05% |          77      3.47%     62.51% |          69      3.11%     65.62% |          69      3.11%     68.72% |          71      3.20%     71.92% |          69      3.11%     75.02% |          69      3.11%     78.13% |          70      3.15%     81.28% |          69      3.11%     84.38% |          69      3.11%     87.49% |          71      3.20%     90.68% |          69      3.11%     93.79% |          69      3.11%     96.89% |          69      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total         2222                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          43      1.94%      1.94% |          73      3.29%      5.23% |          70      3.16%      8.39% |          71      3.20%     11.59% |          69      3.11%     14.70% |          72      3.25%     17.95% |          69      3.11%     21.06% |          69      3.11%     24.18% |          69      3.11%     27.29% |          70      3.16%     30.45% |          69      3.11%     33.56% |          69      3.11%     36.67% |          74      3.34%     40.01% |          69      3.11%     43.12% |          71      3.20%     46.32% |          70      3.16%     49.48% |          69      3.11%     52.59% |          70      3.16%     55.75% |          71      3.20%     58.95% |          71      3.20%     62.16% |          69      3.11%     65.27% |          70      3.16%     68.43% |          71      3.20%     71.63% |          69      3.11%     74.74% |          70      3.16%     77.90% |          70      3.16%     81.06% |          69      3.11%     84.17% |          70      3.16%     87.33% |          73      3.29%     90.62% |          69      3.11%     93.73% |          69      3.11%     96.84% |          70      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total         2217                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       23437      3.53%      3.53% |       20748      3.12%      6.65% |       20782      3.13%      9.78% |       20704      3.12%     12.89% |       20688      3.11%     16.00% |       20685      3.11%     19.12% |       20679      3.11%     22.23% |       20678      3.11%     25.34% |       20697      3.11%     28.45% |       20719      3.12%     31.57% |       20756      3.12%     34.69% |       20672      3.11%     37.81% |       20681      3.11%     40.92% |       20680      3.11%     44.03% |       20684      3.11%     47.14% |       20649      3.11%     50.25% |       20675      3.11%     53.36% |       20672      3.11%     56.47% |       20673      3.11%     59.58% |       20664      3.11%     62.69% |       20671      3.11%     65.80% |       20651      3.11%     68.91% |       20677      3.11%     72.02% |       20653      3.11%     75.13% |       20683      3.11%     78.24% |       20688      3.11%     81.35% |       20654      3.11%     84.46% |       20636      3.11%     87.57% |       20673      3.11%     90.68% |       20638      3.11%     93.78% |       20627      3.10%     96.88% |       20702      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       664576                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     50.00%     50.00% |           6     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         435      3.21%      3.21% |         386      2.85%      6.06% |         412      3.04%      9.11% |         404      2.98%     12.09% |         422      3.12%     15.21% |         397      2.93%     18.14% |         400      2.95%     21.09% |         417      3.08%     24.17% |         407      3.01%     27.18% |         414      3.06%     30.24% |         430      3.18%     33.41% |         428      3.16%     36.57% |         461      3.40%     39.98% |         449      3.32%     43.29% |         431      3.18%     46.48% |         439      3.24%     49.72% |         444      3.28%     53.00% |         450      3.32%     56.32% |         421      3.11%     59.43% |         397      2.93%     62.36% |         404      2.98%     65.35% |         427      3.15%     68.50% |         406      3.00%     71.50% |         413      3.05%     74.55% |         440      3.25%     77.80% |         443      3.27%     81.07% |         445      3.29%     84.36% |         423      3.12%     87.48% |         415      3.06%     90.55% |         436      3.22%     93.77% |         429      3.17%     96.94% |         415      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13540                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        6009      3.16%      3.16% |        5933      3.12%      6.28% |        5941      3.12%      9.40% |        5950      3.13%     12.53% |        5949      3.13%     15.66% |        5945      3.13%     18.78% |        5940      3.12%     21.91% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5949      3.13%     28.15% |        5944      3.13%     31.28% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5949      3.13%     37.52% |        5939      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.13%     53.13% |        5946      3.13%     56.25% |        5947      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.12%     65.63% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5932      3.12%     71.87% |        5940      3.12%     75.00% |        5947      3.13%     78.12% |        5943      3.12%     81.25% |        5953      3.13%     84.38% |        5943      3.12%     87.50% |        5941      3.12%     90.63% |        5946      3.13%     93.75% |        5954      3.13%     96.88% |        5931      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       190203                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |         214     81.37%     81.37% |           6      2.28%     83.65% |           3      1.14%     84.79% |           6      2.28%     87.07% |           0      0.00%     87.07% |           1      0.38%     87.45% |           1      0.38%     87.83% |           0      0.00%     87.83% |           0      0.00%     87.83% |           1      0.38%     88.21% |           0      0.00%     88.21% |           0      0.00%     88.21% |           5      1.90%     90.11% |           0      0.00%     90.11% |           2      0.76%     90.87% |           1      0.38%     91.25% |           0      0.00%     91.25% |           0      0.00%     91.25% |          10      3.80%     95.06% |           2      0.76%     95.82% |           0      0.00%     95.82% |           0      0.00%     95.82% |           0      0.00%     95.82% |           0      0.00%     95.82% |           1      0.38%     96.20% |           0      0.00%     96.20% |           2      0.76%     96.96% |           1      0.38%     97.34% |           4      1.52%     98.86% |           1      0.38%     99.24% |           1      0.38%     99.62% |           1      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total          263                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       77636      7.09%      7.09% |       33388      3.05%     10.14% |       32686      2.99%     13.12% |       32853      3.00%     16.12% |       33108      3.02%     19.15% |       32032      2.93%     22.07% |       31957      2.92%     24.99% |       31674      2.89%     27.89% |       33956      3.10%     30.99% |       32355      2.95%     33.94% |       34303      3.13%     37.07% |       33125      3.03%     40.10% |       32695      2.99%     43.08% |       31745      2.90%     45.98% |       31778      2.90%     48.89% |       31669      2.89%     51.78% |       34275      3.13%     54.91% |       32115      2.93%     57.84% |       32966      3.01%     60.85% |       32543      2.97%     63.82% |       33034      3.02%     66.84% |       32476      2.97%     69.81% |       33015      3.02%     72.82% |       32009      2.92%     75.75% |       33648      3.07%     78.82% |       32343      2.95%     81.77% |       32844      3.00%     84.77% |       31819      2.91%     87.68% |       33166      3.03%     90.71% |       31907      2.91%     93.62% |       34283      3.13%     96.75% |       35572      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1094975                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     27.78%     27.78% |           1      5.56%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           6     33.33%     66.67% |           6     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |         178      7.70%      7.70% |          69      2.99%     10.69% |          69      2.99%     13.67% |          62      2.68%     16.36% |          69      2.99%     19.34% |          69      2.99%     22.33% |          69      2.99%     25.31% |          69      2.99%     28.30% |          69      2.99%     31.29% |          69      2.99%     34.27% |          68      2.94%     37.21% |          67      2.90%     40.11% |          73      3.16%     43.27% |          69      2.99%     46.26% |          69      2.99%     49.24% |          69      2.99%     52.23% |          69      2.99%     55.21% |          69      2.99%     58.20% |          69      2.99%     61.19% |          69      2.99%     64.17% |          69      2.99%     67.16% |          69      2.99%     70.14% |          71      3.07%     73.22% |          69      2.99%     76.20% |          69      2.99%     79.19% |          69      2.99%     82.17% |          69      2.99%     85.16% |          69      2.99%     88.14% |          68      2.94%     91.09% |          68      2.94%     94.03% |          69      2.99%     97.01% |          69      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total         2311                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         599     96.46%     96.46% |           4      0.64%     97.10% |           3      0.48%     97.58% |           3      0.48%     98.07% |           0      0.00%     98.07% |           0      0.00%     98.07% |           0      0.00%     98.07% |           0      0.00%     98.07% |           0      0.00%     98.07% |           0      0.00%     98.07% |           0      0.00%     98.07% |           0      0.00%     98.07% |           0      0.00%     98.07% |           0      0.00%     98.07% |           1      0.16%     98.23% |           0      0.00%     98.23% |           1      0.16%     98.39% |           4      0.64%     99.03% |           3      0.48%     99.52% |           3      0.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total          621                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     10.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           7     35.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           2     10.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     10.00%     70.00% |           1      5.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1      5.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           3     15.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     10.53%     10.53% |           0      0.00%     10.53% |           7     36.84%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           1      5.26%     52.63% |           2     10.53%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           1      5.26%     68.42% |           1      5.26%     73.68% |           0      0.00%     73.68% |           0      0.00%     73.68% |           0      0.00%     73.68% |           0      0.00%     73.68% |           0      0.00%     73.68% |           1      5.26%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           3     15.79%     94.74% |           1      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |         777     26.50%     26.50% |          73      2.49%     28.99% |          72      2.46%     31.45% |          65      2.22%     33.66% |          69      2.35%     36.02% |          69      2.35%     38.37% |          69      2.35%     40.72% |          69      2.35%     43.08% |          69      2.35%     45.43% |          69      2.35%     47.78% |          68      2.32%     50.10% |          67      2.29%     52.39% |          73      2.49%     54.88% |          69      2.35%     57.23% |          70      2.39%     59.62% |          69      2.35%     61.97% |          70      2.39%     64.36% |          73      2.49%     66.85% |          72      2.46%     69.30% |          72      2.46%     71.76% |          69      2.35%     74.11% |          69      2.35%     76.47% |          71      2.42%     78.89% |          69      2.35%     81.24% |          69      2.35%     83.59% |          69      2.35%     85.95% |          69      2.35%     88.30% |          69      2.35%     90.65% |          68      2.32%     92.97% |          68      2.32%     95.29% |          69      2.35%     97.65% |          69      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         2932                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       76179      4.27%      4.27% |      891430     50.00%     54.27% |      108074      6.06%     60.33% |      103350      5.80%     66.13% |      101190      5.68%     71.81% |      103700      5.82%     77.62% |      101263      5.68%     83.30% |      102608      5.76%     89.06% |       97053      5.44%     94.50% |       98013      5.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1782860                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       76179      4.27%      4.27% |      891430     50.00%     54.27% |      108074      6.06%     60.33% |      103350      5.80%     66.13% |      101190      5.68%     71.81% |      103700      5.82%     77.62% |      101263      5.68%     83.30% |      102608      5.76%     89.06% |       97053      5.44%     94.50% |       98013      5.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1782860                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       76179      4.27%      4.27% |      891430     50.00%     54.27% |      108074      6.06%     60.33% |      103350      5.80%     66.13% |      101190      5.68%     71.81% |      103700      5.82%     77.62% |      101263      5.68%     83.30% |      102608      5.76%     89.06% |       97053      5.44%     94.50% |       98013      5.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1782860                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       76179      4.27%      4.27% |      891430     50.00%     54.27% |      108074      6.06%     60.33% |      103350      5.80%     66.13% |      101190      5.68%     71.81% |      103700      5.82%     77.62% |      101263      5.68%     83.30% |      102608      5.76%     89.06% |       97053      5.44%     94.50% |       98013      5.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1782860                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
