
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.056733                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 56732997500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5232901076000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  14169                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    25127                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               35521379                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3564260                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1597.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    22629240                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      40131583                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12635840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          12635840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8043200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        8043200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       197435                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             197435                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       125675                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            125675                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    222724703                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            222724703                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    141772872                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           141772872                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    364497575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           364497575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     197435                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    125675                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   197435                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  125675                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              12634240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                8043136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               12635840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             8043200                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            12092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            12201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            12071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            12426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            12210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            12289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            12507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            12669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            12437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            12789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           12434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           12733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           12276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           12048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           12310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           11918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             7793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             7661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             7796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             7842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             7797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             7883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             7995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             8022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             7926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             8076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            7880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            7919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            7762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            7814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            7880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            7628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    72210                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     6993                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  56732489500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               197435                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              125675                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  68930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   2959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   1826                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   1305                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   1541                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  1553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  1557                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  1571                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1619                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1635                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1663                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1797                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1847                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1839                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1872                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1902                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  1939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  1952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  1935                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  1978                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  2058                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  2213                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  2413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 75518                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  16869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  18286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  19082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  19544                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  20013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   8141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   9483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  14257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        82420                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.871148                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   178.386623                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   221.586098                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        24968     30.29%     30.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20660     25.07%     55.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21759     26.40%     81.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5170      6.27%     88.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3586      4.35%     92.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1915      2.32%     94.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1172      1.42%     96.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          843      1.02%     97.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2347      2.85%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        82420                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17581                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.228428                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    32.155770                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17572     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8      0.05%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        17581                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17581                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.148285                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.489019                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.586890                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12602     71.68%     71.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2098     11.93%     83.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1776     10.10%     93.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1105      6.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        17581                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 32739713919                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            36441151419                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 987050000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   165846.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              184596.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      222.70                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      141.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   222.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   141.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.60                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  155575                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  85081                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                78.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               67.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    175582.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   74.49                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11626701000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1894360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    43209830250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              313845840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              309219120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              171245250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              168720750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             768011400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             771700800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            406859760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            407475360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        22306700340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        21790864305                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        14471245500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        14923733250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          42143276250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          42077081745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          742.863113                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          741.696297                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12408960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          12408960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7825920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        7825920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       193890                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             193890                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       122280                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            122280                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    218725619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            218725619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    137943002                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           137943002                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    356668621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           356668621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     193892                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    122280                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   193892                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  122280                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              12407296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                7825920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               12409088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             7825920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    28                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            11884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            11978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            11840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            12187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            12008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            12105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            12325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            12458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            12204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            12561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           12201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           12542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           12045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           11813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           11998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           11715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             7590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             7467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             7592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             7630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             7601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             7686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             7774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             7804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             7715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             7860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            7662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            7708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            7552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            7599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            7612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            7428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    59470                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     6377                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  56732366000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               193892                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              122280                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  67758                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1731                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1453                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1634                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1756                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1833                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   1822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   1936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   1992                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  1965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  2012                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  1977                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  1971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  2133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  2248                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  2133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  2168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  2076                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  2066                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  2097                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  2164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  2166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  2268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  2269                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  2353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  2394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  2509                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  2576                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  2713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  2980                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 63176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  16375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  18017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  18735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  19216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  19712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   8085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   9145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  12995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        75362                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   268.471856                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   195.474374                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   225.119885                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18594     24.67%     24.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        19781     26.25%     50.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21957     29.14%     80.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5136      6.82%     86.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3649      4.84%     91.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1800      2.39%     94.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1208      1.60%     95.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          808      1.07%     96.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2429      3.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        75362                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17114                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.327685                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.547422                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17107     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        17114                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17114                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.145027                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.488447                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.577820                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12203     71.30%     71.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2160     12.62%     83.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1653      9.66%     93.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1098      6.42%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        17114                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 30367653037                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            34002603037                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 969320000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   156644.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              175394.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      218.70                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      137.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   218.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   137.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.57                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  154283                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  86491                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                79.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               70.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    179435.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   76.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11891946250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1894360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    42944585000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              287915040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              281799000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              157096500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              153759375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             754884000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             757153800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            396200160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            396141840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        22084247295                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        21531257235                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        14666379750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        15151458750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          42052090905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          41976938160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          741.255781                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          739.931057                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12408512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          12408512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      7826368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        7826368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       193883                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             193883                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       122287                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            122287                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    218717722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            218717722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    137950899                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           137950899                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    356668621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           356668621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     193883                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    122287                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   193883                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  122287                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              12407040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                7826112                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               12408512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             7826368                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            11878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            12007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            11863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            12228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            12013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            12086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            12289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            12455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            12195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            12542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           12208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           12581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           12045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           11775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           11980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           11715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             7583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             7465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             7593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             7641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             7596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             7671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             7766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             7812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             7717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             7862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            7662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            7720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            7558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            7589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            7616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            7432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    62467                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     6594                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  56732925000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               193883                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              122287                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  67820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1619                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1425                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1586                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1735                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1783                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   1726                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   1792                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   1837                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  1811                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  1817                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  1815                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  1880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  1911                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  1978                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  1985                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  1992                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  1911                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  2030                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  2079                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  2017                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  2086                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  2186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  2249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  2311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  2505                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  2397                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  2466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  2651                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  2926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 66205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  16326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  17872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  18557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  19041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  19619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   8122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   9215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  13535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        75127                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   269.315905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   196.292811                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   225.035140                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18416     24.51%     24.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        19590     26.08%     50.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        22003     29.29%     79.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5259      7.00%     86.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3625      4.83%     91.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1819      2.42%     94.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1169      1.56%     95.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          786      1.05%     96.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2460      3.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        75127                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17068                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.357335                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.624561                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17062     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        17068                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17068                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.164460                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.497805                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.608153                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12138     71.12%     71.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2141     12.54%     83.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1673      9.80%     93.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1116      6.54%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        17068                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 31067798426                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            34702673426                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 969300000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   160258.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              179008.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      218.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      137.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   218.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   137.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.57                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  154319                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  86693                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                79.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               70.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    179438.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   76.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11875328750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1894360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    42961543250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              286433280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              281504160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              156288000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              153598500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             755157000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             756873000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            396102960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            396290880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        21835992915                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        21337811775                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        14884162500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        15321163500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          42019504815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          41952609975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          740.681040                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          739.501880                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12387968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          12387968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      7824192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        7824192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       193562                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             193562                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       122253                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            122253                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    218355605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            218355605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    137912544                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           137912544                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    356268149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           356268149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     193562                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    122253                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   193562                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  122253                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              12386816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                7823936                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               12387968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             7824192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            11871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            11964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            11804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            12185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            11960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            12063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            12271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            12445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            12197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            12536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           12232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           12510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           12032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           11772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           11995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           11707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             7589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             7453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             7590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             7628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             7592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             7672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             7767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             7804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             7718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             7862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            7665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            7727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            7553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            7596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            7611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            7422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    60099                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     6628                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  56731937000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               193562                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              122253                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  67450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1686                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1411                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1541                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1592                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1641                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1745                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   1857                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   1910                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   2001                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  2049                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  2112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  2112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  2072                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  2113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  2101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  2095                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  2127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  2150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  2070                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  2088                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  2196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  2199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  2140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  2220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  2295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  2337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  2371                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  2507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  2648                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  2868                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 63840                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  16305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  17889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  18552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  19115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  19594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   8173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   9200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  13425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        74715                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   270.495188                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   197.678545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   225.382068                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17860     23.90%     23.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        19959     26.71%     50.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21886     29.29%     79.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5166      6.91%     86.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3651      4.89%     91.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1731      2.32%     94.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1211      1.62%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          763      1.02%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2488      3.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        74715                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17082                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.329762                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.297352                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17075     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        17082                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17082                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.156598                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.494299                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.595430                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12154     71.15%     71.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2162     12.66%     83.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1639      9.59%     93.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1127      6.60%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        17082                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 30582626650                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            34211576650                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 967720000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   158013.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              176763.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      218.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      137.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   218.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   137.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.57                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  154052                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  87020                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                79.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               71.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    179636.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   76.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11622844250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1894360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    43213816250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              284550840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              280279440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              155260875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              152930250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             753160200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             756405000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            395869680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            396271440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3705368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        21822088050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        21102156675                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        14896344000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        15527862750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          42012641805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          41921273715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          740.560408                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          738.949855                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          783                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4013                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4861                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              441088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              109088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          380                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1556480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          380                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7052597                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 55.583597                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                30.277610                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev               115.555357                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     6562891     93.06%     93.06% |      145794      2.07%     95.12% |      104548      1.48%     96.61% |       84550      1.20%     97.80% |       65404      0.93%     98.73% |       48958      0.69%     99.43% |       27229      0.39%     99.81% |       11741      0.17%     99.98% |        1482      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7052597                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     15851761                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.592930                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.696049                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      4.784578                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    14418273     90.96%     90.96% |      912652      5.76%     96.71% |       20353      0.13%     96.84% |       19756      0.12%     96.97% |       25713      0.16%     97.13% |       40061      0.25%     97.38% |       79890      0.50%     97.89% |      149473      0.94%     98.83% |      185590      1.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      15851761                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            15851758                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              41.484995                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.190523                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            210.233475                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    15647665     98.71%     98.71% |      170501      1.08%     99.79% |       30074      0.19%     99.98% |        3256      0.02%    100.00% |         248      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              15851758                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        14674514                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000372                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000318                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.020305                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14669220     99.96%     99.96% |        5247      0.04%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          14674514                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1177244                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        521.201291                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       269.756032                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       588.680489                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      973151     82.66%     82.66% |      170501     14.48%     97.15% |       30074      2.55%     99.70% |        3256      0.28%     99.98% |         248      0.02%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1177244                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4702208                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    3964928                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         103155                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       103155                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          356                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          276                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          290                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          288                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     10943095                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       509977                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     11453072                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3727279                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124094                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3851373                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       261938                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22340                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       111059                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1529054                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        47680                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           48                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           48                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          503                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67904                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68407                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        18475                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          528                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67881                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68409                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        18003                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          514                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67891                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68405                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        18210                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          519                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67889                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68408                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        18542                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          529                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67883                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68412                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        18563                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          529                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67880                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68409                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        18186                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          505                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67902                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68407                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        18649                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          513                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67898                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68411                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        18900                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        53468                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27913                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        81381                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        12397                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        24286                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        36683                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        12228                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        24297                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        36525                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10452                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        24239                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        34691                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9838                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        24258                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        34096                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10407                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        24230                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        34637                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         9230                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        24261                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        33491                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9748                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        24189                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        33937                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11329                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        24314                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        35643                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        10252                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        24226                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        34478                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        10449                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        24224                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        34673                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        10825                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        24209                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        35034                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         8756                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        24300                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        33056                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        10991                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        24195                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        35186                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        16499                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        24238                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        40737                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        10524                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        24204                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        34728                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        10434                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        24172                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        34606                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10674                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        24224                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        34898                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        10683                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        24264                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        34947                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        10200                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        24227                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        34427                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        11338                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        24168                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        35506                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        12463                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        24205                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        36668                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        13155                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        24207                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37362                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        11699                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        24245                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        35944                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        15024                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        24181                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39205                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        18384                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        24177                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        42561                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9175                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        24199                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        33374                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9626                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        24185                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        33811                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8667                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        24209                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        32876                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8773                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        24214                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        32987                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         9733                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        24232                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        33965                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10859                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        24275                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        35134                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      9467372                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      9467372                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9684069                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9467372                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4087046                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4074620                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      9467372                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.083438                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      4554839                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      4554839                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4746573                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4554839                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2236897                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2223499                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      4554838                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.040143                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      3824920                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      3824920                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4055012                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3824920                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1558449                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1543548                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      3824920                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.033710                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3354019                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3354019                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3568649                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3354019                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1407554                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1395647                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3354019                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.029560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4013435                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4013435                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4264514                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4013435                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1936220                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1907339                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4013435                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.035371                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      4034184                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      4034184                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4276388                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4034184                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1905123                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1890656                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      4034184                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.035554                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4696856                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4696856                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4976219                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4696856                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1796694                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1777012                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4696856                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.041394                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3422203                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3422203                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3683994                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3422203                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1407743                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1389183                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3422203                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.030161                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2340344                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2340344                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2463856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2340344                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1019568                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1008936                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2340344                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.020626                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2865834                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2865834                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3056025                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2865834                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1335666                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1317450                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2865834                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.025257                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2040509                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2040509                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2119106                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2040509                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       827653                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       821801                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2040509                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.017983                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1728389                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1728389                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1748018                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1728389                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       694998                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       694525                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1728389                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.015233                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      2154179                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      2154179                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2183234                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2154179                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       975083                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       974383                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      2154179                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.018985                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1805027                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1805027                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1827165                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1805027                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       733930                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       733335                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1805027                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.015908                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1074862                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1074862                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1094730                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1074862                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       416659                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       415658                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1074862                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.009473                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1581669                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1581669                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1621830                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1581669                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       621541                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       619769                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1581669                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.013940                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2110477                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2110477                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2154417                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2110477                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       776115                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       773485                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2110477                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.018600                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1672212                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1672212                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1719725                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1672212                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       638115                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       635040                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1672212                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.014738                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1632598                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1632598                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1697162                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1632598                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       653036                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       649150                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1632598                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.014388                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       946210                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       946210                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       964252                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       946210                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       375125                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       374310                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       946210                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.008339                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       919046                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       919046                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       922736                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       919046                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       415361                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       415302                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       919046                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.008100                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      1153449                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      1153449                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1158944                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1153449                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       550900                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       550469                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      1153449                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.010166                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       998103                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       998103                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1003899                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       998103                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       440737                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       440639                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       998103                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.008796                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       626798                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       626798                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       626798                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       626798                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258158                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258158                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       626798                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005524                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       865797                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       865797                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       869306                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       865797                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       363657                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       363585                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       865797                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007630                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1079628                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1079628                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1084959                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1079628                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       507683                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       507300                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1079628                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.009515                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       985678                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       985678                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       991373                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       985678                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       428132                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       428030                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       985678                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.008687                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       632263                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       632263                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       632263                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       632263                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258839                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258839                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       632263                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005572                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3892461                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3892461                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4217055                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3892461                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1606983                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1600305                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3892461                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.034305                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3836140                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3836140                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4068982                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3836140                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1557347                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1549368                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3836140                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.033809                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3869704                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3869704                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4168545                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3869704                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1547843                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1538592                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3869704                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.034105                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      4018895                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      4018895                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4290901                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4018895                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1629111                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1617227                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      4018895                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.035419                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5781918     27.42%     27.42% |    14234853     67.52%     94.94% |     1067008      5.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21083779                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5781918     27.42%     27.42% |    14234854     67.52%     94.94% |     1067008      5.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21083780                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   219202453                       |   358816629                       |    24558269                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   469661079                       |    57419769                       |     1067010                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   37.911719                       |   25.206908                       |   23.016012                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   81.229287                       |    4.033745                       |    1.000002                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.580140                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    25.049962                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         53.630102                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002955                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.064151      7.05%      7.05% |    0.064048      7.04%     14.08% |    0.062773      6.90%     20.98% |    0.062585      6.88%     27.86% |    0.154183     16.94%     44.79% |    0.150400     16.52%     61.32% |    0.153960     16.91%     78.23% |    0.150183     16.50%     94.73% |    0.011991      1.32%     96.05% |    0.011992      1.32%     97.37% |    0.011993      1.32%     98.68% |    0.011986      1.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.910245                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.022638                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027619                       |    0.000001                       |    0.002875                       |    0.002871                       |    0.002874                       |    0.002874                       |    0.002873                       |    0.002873                       |    0.002873                       |    0.002875                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005369                       |    0.002840                       |    0.002651                       |    0.002802                       |    0.002665                       |    0.002683                       |    0.002638                       |    0.002648                       |    0.002698                       |    0.002747                       |    0.002831                       |    0.002734                       |    0.002705                       |    0.002727                       |    0.002670                       |    0.002694                       |    0.002783                       |    0.002720                       |    0.002734                       |    0.002755                       |    0.002766                       |    0.003056                       |    0.002739                       |    0.002733                       |    0.002747                       |    0.002750                       |    0.002725                       |    0.002769                       |    0.002837                       |    0.002862                       |    0.002961                       |    0.003143                       |    0.010426                       |    0.010236                       |    0.010235                       |    0.010218                       |    0.000215                       |           0                       |    0.000436                       |    0.001347                       |    0.000113                       |    0.000122                       |    0.000113                       |    0.000123                       |    0.000113                       |    0.000122                       |    0.000099                       |    0.000105                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002821                       |    0.000218                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002981                       |    0.002079                       |    0.003586                       |    0.002746                       |    0.000099                       |    0.003730                       |    0.007486                       |    0.002979                       |           0                       |    0.002893                       |    0.007684                       |           0                       |    0.007980                       |    0.011788                       |    0.003960                       |    0.003586                       |    0.002699                       |    0.000113                       |    0.008297                       |    0.007080                       |    0.011934                       |    0.003585                       |    0.002848                       |    0.000122                       |    0.011050                       |    0.007371                       |    0.004584                       |           0                       |    0.002880                       |    0.007502                       |           0                       |    0.011295                       |    0.007244                       |    0.004888                       |           0                       |    0.002776                       |           0                       |    0.005482                       |    0.003622                       |    0.003353                       |           0                       |    0.002803                       |           0                       |    0.002747                       |    0.002080                       |           0                       |    0.003025                       |           0                       |    0.001389                       |    0.003056                       |    0.002696                       |    0.003586                       |    0.002742                       |    0.000105                       |    0.003994                       |    0.004566                       |    0.007618                       |    0.002646                       |    0.003586                       |    0.002707                       |    0.000113                       |    0.005259                       |    0.009552                       |    0.010345                       |    0.003809                       |    0.032537                       |    0.004551                       |    0.000436                       |    0.005232                       |    0.015056                       |    0.019848                       |    0.005778                       |    0.000003                       |    0.002872                       |    0.001347                       |    0.005390                       |    0.009264                       |    0.015516                       |    0.005751                       |    0.003585                       |    0.002712                       |    0.000123                       |    0.007859                       |    0.007861                       |    0.008544                       |    0.004871                       |           0                       |    0.002758                       |           0                       |    0.002507                       |    0.005455                       |    0.004327                       |    0.003937                       |           0                       |    0.002798                       |           0                       |    0.001262                       |    0.002750                       |    0.002706                       |           0                       |    0.002802                       |           0                       |    0.000464                       |    0.002739                       |    0.002791                       |           0                       |    0.002831                       |           0                       |    0.003944                       |    0.003362                       |    0.005122                       |    0.002724                       |           0                       |    0.002979                       |    0.007502                       |           0                       |    0.003085                       |    0.007975                       |    0.009821                       |    0.002742                       |    0.003585                       |    0.002685                       |    0.000113                       |    0.018471                       |    0.008285                       |    0.005437                       |    0.002818                       |    0.003585                       |    0.002713                       |    0.000122                       |    0.003661                       |    0.011142                       |    0.006185                       |    0.002753                       |           0                       |    0.003076                       |    0.007495                       |           0                       |    0.004015                       |    0.011535                       |    0.006519                       |    0.002779                       |           0                       |    0.002752                       |           0                       |    0.001633                       |    0.005452                       |    0.003256                       |    0.002815                       |           0                       |    0.002801                       |           0                       |    0.000357                       |    0.002725                       |    0.002804                       |           0                       |    0.002791                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002733                       |           0                       |    0.002724                       |           0                       |    0.001793                       |           0                       |    0.004956                       |           0                       |    0.002742                       |           0                       |    0.003692                       |    0.001346                       |    0.006159                       |           0                       |    0.002818                       |           0                       |    0.009029                       |    0.003548                       |    0.003206                       |           0                       |    0.002753                       |           0                       |    0.001794                       |    0.006840                       |    0.003351                       |           0                       |    0.002779                       |           0                       |    0.005550                       |    0.006059                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002815                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005524                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002804                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002769                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.910245                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5031163                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5031163                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       303342                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3440461                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         2814413                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     81.803369                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          350836                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30073                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              9659466                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              55072                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             7841168                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            103631                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          9714538                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         7944799                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  17500634                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  158703                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              17659337                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3858420                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9453                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3867873                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3858420                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9453                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3867873                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                109904952                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     14577683                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               29417363                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5031163                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3165249                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              90325455                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          686280                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140404                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       166369                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       239773                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3365                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       322350                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3857787                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        154072                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3828                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    106118539                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.510032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.776639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         95926926     90.40%     90.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1547133      1.46%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           827949      0.78%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           759038      0.72%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           816012      0.77%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           862046      0.81%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           735841      0.69%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           494364      0.47%     96.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          4149230      3.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    106118539                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.045777                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.267662                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          9291890                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      89068275                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4708809                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2706418                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         343140                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       50453026                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         343140                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         10427965                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        51602755                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      7431465                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           6167464                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30145743                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       49112450                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65168                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2055329                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         413455                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       27097231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     51395014                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     120960329                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     75236341                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          125                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      40958035                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         10436949                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       196345                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       198372                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          18476142                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      4918346                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      8107324                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       625697                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       463383                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           47870968                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       275510                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          50578020                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       215518                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7782233                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12494347                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        67863                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    106118539                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476618                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.225338                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     85872491     80.92%     80.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      7467683      7.04%     87.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5387163      5.08%     93.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2396268      2.26%     95.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2045408      1.93%     97.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1510334      1.42%     98.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       878508      0.83%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       342615      0.32%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       218069      0.21%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    106118539                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          106609     12.15%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         680130     77.50%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         90846     10.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       235514      0.47%      0.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      32474481     64.21%     64.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        30898      0.06%     64.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52180      0.10%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9804874     19.39%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7980071     15.78%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       50578020                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.460198                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              877585                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.017351                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    208367598                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     55936107                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     44490069                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           84                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          198                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           34                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       51220048                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              43                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       810879                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1175293                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2685                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7739                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       512533                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1827                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5761016                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         343140                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4570975                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      44961832                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     48146478                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114046                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       4918346                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8107324                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       266413                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          71950                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      44816736                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7739                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134145                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       224850                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       358995                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      50064846                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       9652433                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       355004                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             17503013                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3817686                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            7850580                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.455529                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               44570052                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              44490103                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          24823769                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          40284539                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.404805                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.616211                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8005538                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       207647                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       316633                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    104841830                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.382782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.197637                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     89180687     85.06%     85.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      5557912      5.30%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      5129923      4.89%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1970104      1.88%     97.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       968823      0.92%     98.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       332310      0.32%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       219234      0.21%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       311432      0.30%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1171405      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    104841830                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     22629239                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       40131580                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               11337831                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3743048                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5781                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            3443847                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  6                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          39780975                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       273935                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       111270      0.28%      0.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     28601988     71.27%     71.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        29695      0.07%     71.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50794      0.13%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3743048      9.33%     81.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      7594783     18.92%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     40131580                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1171405                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            151719299                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            97556325                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84774                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3786413                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3560628                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            22629239                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              40131580                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.856767                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.856767                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.205898                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.205898                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         78041951                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        32505362                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                38                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               60                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          19129803                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         12897887                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        25717254                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         190684                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1454077000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            1454077000.000001                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3273436                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        88.636319                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       38.715285                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      162.905311                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     2789514     85.22%     85.22% |      140665      4.30%     89.51% |      103966      3.18%     92.69% |       84484      2.58%     95.27% |       65398      2.00%     97.27% |       48957      1.50%     98.76% |       27229      0.83%     99.60% |       11741      0.36%     99.95% |        1482      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3273436                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3763394                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.974119                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.487447                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       12.915199                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3757610     99.85%     99.85% |        5129      0.14%     99.98% |         582      0.02%    100.00% |          66      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3763394                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         15767                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.144542                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.795530                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.265107                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         554      3.51%      3.51% |        1970     12.49%     16.01% |        7184     45.56%     61.57% |        3553     22.53%     84.11% |        2457     15.58%     99.69% |          39      0.25%     99.94% |          10      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           15767                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          3989081                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           76.802046                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.184198                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         297.178268                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     3881847     97.31%     97.31% |       89889      2.25%     99.57% |       15519      0.39%     99.95% |        1687      0.04%    100.00% |         130      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            3989081                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3522514                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.001015                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000874                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.032236                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3518959     99.90%     99.90% |        3548      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3522514                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       466567                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     633.989258                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    321.567570                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    635.218092                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      359333     77.02%     77.02% |       89889     19.27%     96.28% |       15519      3.33%     99.61% |        1687      0.36%     99.97% |         130      0.03%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        466567                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          7842901                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           41.794359                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.220017                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         207.192806                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     7746094     98.77%     98.77% |       80570      1.03%     99.79% |       14549      0.19%     99.98% |        1565      0.02%    100.00% |         118      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            7842901                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      7268508                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000246                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000207                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.017744                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     7266868     99.98%     99.98% |        1600      0.02%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        7268508                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       574393                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     532.704448                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    316.376518                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    571.073007                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      477586     83.15%     83.15% |       80570     14.03%     97.17% |       14549      2.53%     99.71% |        1565      0.27%     99.98% |         118      0.02%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        574393                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3851371                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.663431                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.328154                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      18.889317                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3851070     99.99%     99.99% |         252      0.01%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3851371                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3727279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001370                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3727272    100.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3727279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124092                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    85.663298                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.215025                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    66.790483                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      123791     99.76%     99.76% |         252      0.20%     99.96% |          29      0.02%     99.98% |          10      0.01%     99.99% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124092                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       167085                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.774690                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.805111                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    32.194037                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      166545     99.68%     99.68% |         502      0.30%     99.98% |          32      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       167085                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       154927                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000594                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000513                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.024361                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      154835     99.94%     99.94% |          92      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       154927                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        12158                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    96.095657                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    78.535624                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    78.791960                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       11618     95.56%     95.56% |         502      4.13%     99.69% |          32      0.26%     99.95% |           3      0.02%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        12158                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.572727                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.510953                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.752340                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         626     94.85%     94.85% |          24      3.64%     98.48% |           6      0.91%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.30%     99.70% |           2      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         626    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    72.352941                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.535593                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    48.187690                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24     70.59%     70.59% |           6     17.65%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           2      5.88%     94.12% |           2      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks         9158                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      1017890                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        40283                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                     3889                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                     7156                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    13178                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    32850                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     3859                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                     7231                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    13527                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    32971                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                     3910                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     7064                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   13155                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   32888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    3912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                    7224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   13070                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   32812                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                    3939                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    7187                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   13175                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   32730                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                    3955                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                    7421                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   13477                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   32716                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    3919                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                    7266                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   13277                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                   32461                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                    3983                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    6738                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                   13102                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   32629                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    623                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   1452                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   2534                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   6862                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    653                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   1377                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   2185                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   6741                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    602                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                   1544                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                  2557                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  6824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   600                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                  1384                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  2642                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  6900                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   573                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                  1421                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                  2537                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                  6982                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                   557                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                  1187                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                  2235                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  6996                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                   593                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                  1342                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                  2435                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                  7251                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                   529                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                  1870                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                  2610                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                  7083                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     3469                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     4211                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     7145                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    16865                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     3402                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     4207                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     6719                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    16588                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                     3422                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                     4310                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                    7059                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   16772                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                    3375                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                    4205                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                    7195                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                   16613                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                    3408                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                    4264                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                    7168                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                   16982                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                    3398                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                    4119                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                    6758                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                   16814                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                    3552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                    4325                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                    7095                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                   17464                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                    3503                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                    4513                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                    7267                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                   17227                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                   89047                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            140542968918149                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140542969056583                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  533727                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                   86321                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                30913393                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                31049785                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                31358440                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                30918014                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                30919969                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles               31056657                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles               31359296                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles               30912545                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles               30913313                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles               31047125                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               31355884                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               30918924                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles               30915908                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               31056713                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               31361569                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles               30912097                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               30909406                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               31050749                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles               31358002                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               30921952                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles               30927069                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               31074085                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles               31402339                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles               30919375                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles               30921447                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles               31070142                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles               31392182                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                    8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                  168                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 3519                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 7106                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                19890                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                  167                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 3566                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 7390                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                20036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                  170                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 3465                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                7169                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               20009                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                 164                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                3534                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                6959                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               19928                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits                 164                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                3515                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits                7110                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               19805                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                 171                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits                3667                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                7350                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               19728                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                 166                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                3522                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits                7216                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits               19586                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits                 164                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                3309                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                7047                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               19739                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                 24                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                801                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               1502                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               4270                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 25                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                754                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               1218                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               4124                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                 22                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                855                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses              1439                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              4151                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses                28                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               786                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              1649                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses              4232                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses                28                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses               805                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses              1498                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses              4355                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                21                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               653                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses              1258                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses              4432                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses                26                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses               798                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses              1392                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses              4574                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses                28                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses              1011                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses              1561                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses              4421                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                3721                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                3637                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                6072                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               12960                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                3692                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                3665                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                6137                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               12935                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                3740                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                3599                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               5986                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              12879                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               3748                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               3690                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               6111                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              12884                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               3775                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               3672                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               6065                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits              12925                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits               3784                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               3754                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               6127                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits              12988                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               3753                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits               3744                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               6061                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits              12875                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               3819                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               3429                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits               6055                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits              12890                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               599                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               651                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              1032                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              2592                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses               628                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses               623                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               967                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              2617                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses               580                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               689                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses             1118                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses             2673                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              572                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses              598                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses              993                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses             2668                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses              545                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses              616                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses             1039                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses             2627                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses              536                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              534                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses              977                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses             2564                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses              567                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses              544                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses             1043                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses             2677                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses              501                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses              859                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses             1049                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses             2662                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 223100                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                 319296                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 727529                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                1476725                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 223706                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                 318685                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                 712503                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                1456309                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                 223649                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 324019                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                712234                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               1440573                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles                220874                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles                318932                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                716787                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               1428137                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles                221773                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles                317655                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles                718080                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               1473662                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                224170                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles                315324                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles                717585                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               1442885                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                221592                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                319949                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles                717734                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               1475813                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles                225001                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                318456                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                724674                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               1466836                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                 17766                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                139112                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                677080                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1378387                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                 19345                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                120020                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                654854                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1373521                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles                 18313                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                135059                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles               657657                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1334737                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles                20544                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles               132753                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               670096                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1333439                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles                17310                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles               146110                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles               666636                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              1386745                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                14735                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles               142772                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles               667713                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              1348731                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles                16092                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles               132596                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles               664162                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              1387902                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles                17230                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               147441                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles               670660                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              1373524                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             120278                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             443454                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             120106                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             454143                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             120210                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             440112                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            119708                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            438254                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            122043                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            440988                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            121125                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            435042                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles            119223                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles            434623                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            121621                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles            441333                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               404290                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               235968                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               407625                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               641462                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               404262                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               236541                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               434142                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               617501                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               401927                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               249056                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles              422945                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              628827                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles              393302                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              237421                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              389941                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles              604487                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              402301                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles              219224                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              403209                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              633147                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles              409011                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              222541                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles              391146                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles              604087                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              390398                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles              242265                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles              414104                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles              628411                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              417569                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              223663                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles              413466                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles              642472                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time            17766                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time           139112                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           677080                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1378387                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time            19345                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time           120020                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           654854                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1373521                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time            18313                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           135059                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time          657657                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1334737                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time           20544                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time          132753                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          670096                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1333439                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time           17310                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time          146110                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time          666636                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         1386745                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time           14735                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time          142772                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time          667713                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         1348731                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time           16092                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time          132596                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time          664162                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         1387902                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time           17230                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          147441                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time          670660                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         1373524                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time         70471                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time         70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time        70584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time        70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time        70584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        70584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time        70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          187596                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          215971                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          407625                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          641462                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          187526                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          215222                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          419977                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          617501                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          187441                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          228179                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time         422945                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         628827                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time         183669                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         216166                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         389941                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time         604487                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         185515                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time         203192                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         403209                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         633147                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time         190995                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         212359                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time         391146                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         604087                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         187403                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time         213844                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         414104                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time         628411                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         189254                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         211656                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time         413466                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time         642472                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             205304                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time             282324                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             712233                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            1444997                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             205675                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time             286535                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time             697207                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            1424581                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time             205487                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             294539                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time            696938                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           1408845                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time            202459                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time            289880                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            701491                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           1396409                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time            201467                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time            279428                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time            702784                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           1441934                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time            204083                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time            284171                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time            702289                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           1411157                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            202296                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time            291796                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time            702438                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           1444085                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time            206062                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            287126                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time            709472                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           1435108                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               817                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              1533                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles              1506                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1541                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles              329                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles              404                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles              357                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles              419                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         110658087                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         110784209                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         110953419                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         111324918                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         110657427                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         110784205                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         110953415                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         111324914                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         110657422                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         110784211                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        110953421                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        111324920                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        110657670                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        110784207                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        110953417                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        111324916                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles        110658446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        110784216                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        110953426                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        111324925                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles        110658391                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles        110784212                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        110953422                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        111324921                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        110658445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles        110784228                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles        110953438                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        111324937                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        110658398                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        110784224                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles        110953434                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles        111324933                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          1477377                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          1543967                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          1743223                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2124461                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          1478021                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          1545878                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          1736159                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2108033                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          1477765                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          1547970                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         1737869                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2064734                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         1476569                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         1547012                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles          710455                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2085991                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         1478109                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         1543363                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles          712225                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2098755                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         1484311                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         1539621                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         1741474                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         2090837                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         1481749                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles         1543813                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         1742377                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles         2104828                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles         1480750                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         1541806                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles         1742846                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles         2101745                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0                80                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               147                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               268                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               655                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0                80                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               142                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               261                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               651                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0                77                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               147                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              265                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              656                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0               80                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              147                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              273                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              651                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0               82                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              147                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              270                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              651                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0               76                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              143                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              263                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              655                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0               79                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0              143                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              261                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              655                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0               68                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0              156                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0              267                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              660                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1               795                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1               731                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              1193                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              2302                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1               863                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1               693                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              1342                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              2437                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1               843                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1               686                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             1219                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             2275                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1              893                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1              722                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             1285                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             2520                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1              858                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1              682                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             1164                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             2274                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1              867                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1              679                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             1341                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             2515                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1              715                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1              618                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             1140                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             2007                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1              777                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1              630                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1             1131                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             2086                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2                59                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2               587                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              1572                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              4441                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2                57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2               681                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              1708                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              4890                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2                58                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2               670                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             1532                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             4398                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2               58                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2              724                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             1756                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             4796                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2               56                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2              617                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             1609                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             4433                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2               57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2              716                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             1719                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2             4791                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2               57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2              526                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2             1277                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             3751                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2               56                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2              566                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2             1375                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2             4123                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles            7291                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles           13405                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles           53929                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles          139718                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles            7712                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles           13136                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles           46679                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          156000                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles            5153                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles           12991                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles          47208                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles         151668                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles           4465                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles          12896                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles          48919                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles         147223                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles           5280                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles          11328                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles          49479                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles         156550                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles           6689                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles          11658                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles          53179                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles         146692                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles           5904                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles          16245                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles          47252                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles         155233                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles           6951                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles          12650                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles          55152                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles         156121                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      197411     25.35%     25.35% |      193892     24.90%     50.25% |      193883     24.90%     75.14% |      193562     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       778748                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      119784     25.55%     25.55% |      116377     24.82%     50.37% |      116384     24.82%     75.19% |      116350     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       468895                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      197435     25.35%     25.35% |      193890     24.90%     50.25% |      193882     24.90%     75.15% |      193562     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       778769                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      125675     25.52%     25.52% |      122280     24.83%     50.35% |      122287     24.83%     75.18% |      122253     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       492495                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           79                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6080     25.00%     25.00% |        6080     25.00%     50.00% |        6080     25.00%     75.00% |        6080     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24320                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       69435     25.06%     25.06% |       69323     25.02%     50.08% |       69307     25.01%     75.09% |       69020     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       277085                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      197411     25.35%     25.35% |      193892     24.90%     50.25% |      193883     24.90%     75.14% |      193562     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       778748                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      119540     25.54%     25.54% |      116200     24.82%     50.36% |      116207     24.82%     75.18% |      116173     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       468120                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       69435     25.06%     25.06% |       69323     25.02%     50.08% |       69307     25.01%     75.09% |       69020     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       277085                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      197411     25.35%     25.35% |      193890     24.90%     50.25% |      193882     24.90%     75.14% |      193562     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       778745                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      119540     25.54%     25.54% |      116200     24.82%     50.36% |      116207     24.82%     75.18% |      116173     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       468120                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          720                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3692838     92.54%     92.54% |          48      0.00%     92.54% |       37186      0.93%     93.48% |       37187      0.93%     94.41% |       37186      0.93%     95.34% |       37187      0.93%     96.27% |       37187      0.93%     97.20% |       37187      0.93%     98.14% |       37186      0.93%     99.07% |       37184      0.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3990376                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3851430    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3851430                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     7761633     96.88%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |       31225      0.39%     97.27% |       31225      0.39%     97.66% |       31222      0.39%     98.05% |       31225      0.39%     98.44% |       31228      0.39%     98.83% |       31225      0.39%     99.22% |       31223      0.39%     99.61% |       31228      0.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      8011434                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15283     98.28%     98.28% |          48      0.31%     98.59% |          21      0.14%     98.72% |          26      0.17%     98.89% |          20      0.13%     99.02% |          38      0.24%     99.26% |          18      0.12%     99.38% |          28      0.18%     99.56% |          52      0.33%     99.89% |          17      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        15551                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      630993     53.93%     53.93% |           0      0.00%     53.93% |       67393      5.76%     59.69% |       67369      5.76%     65.45% |       67383      5.76%     71.21% |       67377      5.76%     76.96% |       67376      5.76%     82.72% |       67368      5.76%     88.48% |       67393      5.76%     94.24% |       67386      5.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1170038                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     10.94%     10.94% |          11     17.19%     28.12% |          10     15.62%     43.75% |           7     10.94%     54.69% |           5      7.81%     62.50% |           3      4.69%     67.19% |          11     17.19%     84.38% |          10     15.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          81     53.29%     53.29% |           2      1.32%     54.61% |          11      7.24%     61.84% |          10      6.58%     68.42% |          10      6.58%     75.00% |           6      3.95%     78.95% |           5      3.29%     82.24% |           6      3.95%     86.18% |           9      5.92%     92.11% |          12      7.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total          152                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      169748     36.54%     36.54% |          40      0.01%     36.55% |       36851      7.93%     44.49% |       36844      7.93%     52.42% |       36841      7.93%     60.35% |       36834      7.93%     68.28% |       36839      7.93%     76.21% |       36831      7.93%     84.14% |       36826      7.93%     92.07% |       36850      7.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       464504                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.32%      1.32% |           8      5.26%      6.58% |          10      6.58%     13.16% |          16     10.53%     23.68% |           9      5.92%     29.61% |          28     18.42%     48.03% |          13      8.55%     56.58% |          22     14.47%     71.05% |          41     26.97%     98.03% |           3      1.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total          152                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      464295     65.16%     65.16% |           0      0.00%     65.16% |       31043      4.36%     69.51% |       31021      4.35%     73.87% |       31041      4.36%     78.22% |       31027      4.35%     82.58% |       31031      4.35%     86.93% |       31027      4.35%     91.29% |       31035      4.36%     95.64% |       31045      4.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       712565                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      506196     48.44%     48.44% |           0      0.00%     48.44% |       67364      6.45%     54.89% |       67332      6.44%     61.33% |       67351      6.45%     67.78% |       67333      6.44%     74.22% |       67348      6.45%     80.67% |       67337      6.44%     87.11% |       67327      6.44%     93.55% |       67360      6.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1044948                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      170807     36.68%     36.68% |          23      0.00%     36.68% |       36861      7.92%     44.60% |       36860      7.92%     52.51% |       36851      7.91%     60.43% |       36866      7.92%     68.34% |       36852      7.91%     76.26% |       36853      7.91%     84.17% |       36869      7.92%     92.09% |       36855      7.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       465697                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122693    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122693                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      338257     57.67%     57.67% |           0      0.00%     57.67% |       31043      5.29%     62.96% |       31021      5.29%     68.25% |       31040      5.29%     73.55% |       31023      5.29%     78.84% |       31031      5.29%     84.13% |       31027      5.29%     89.42% |       31033      5.29%     94.71% |       31043      5.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       586518                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11267     98.08%     98.08% |           0      0.00%     98.08% |          21      0.18%     98.27% |          26      0.23%     98.49% |          20      0.17%     98.67% |          38      0.33%     99.00% |          18      0.16%     99.16% |          28      0.24%     99.40% |          52      0.45%     99.85% |          17      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         846     97.13%     97.13% |          25      2.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1401    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1401                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          44    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           44                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         845     92.96%     92.96% |           0      0.00%     92.96% |           7      0.77%     93.73% |          11      1.21%     94.94% |          10      1.10%     96.04% |           7      0.77%     96.81% |           5      0.55%     97.36% |           3      0.33%     97.69% |          11      1.21%     98.90% |          10      1.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          909                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       20594     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           1      0.00%     99.85% |           2      0.01%     99.86% |           0      0.00%     99.86% |          10      0.05%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           5      0.02%     99.93% |          14      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        20626                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3727279    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3727279                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2314     99.57%     99.57% |          10      0.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2324                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      123692     99.83%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |          21      0.02%     99.84% |          26      0.02%     99.86% |          18      0.01%     99.88% |          37      0.03%     99.91% |          18      0.01%     99.92% |          28      0.02%     99.95% |          52      0.04%     99.99% |          16      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       123908                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1643209     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |         322      0.02%     99.86% |         322      0.02%     99.88% |         333      0.02%     99.90% |         308      0.02%     99.92% |         332      0.02%     99.94% |         326      0.02%     99.96% |         301      0.02%     99.98% |         329      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1645782                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       29112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        29112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1524     97.57%     97.57% |          38      2.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1562                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      139028     32.16%     32.16% |           0      0.00%     32.16% |       36649      8.48%     40.64% |       36706      8.49%     49.14% |       36663      8.48%     57.62% |       36619      8.47%     66.09% |       36642      8.48%     74.57% |       36633      8.48%     83.04% |       36648      8.48%     91.52% |       36646      8.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       432234                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      2.99%      2.99% |          11     16.42%     19.40% |          10     14.93%     34.33% |           8     11.94%     46.27% |           5      7.46%     53.73% |           5      7.46%     61.19% |           6      8.96%     70.15% |           9     13.43%     83.58% |          11     16.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           67                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1856106    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1856106                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     7394074     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |         180      0.00%     99.98% |         204      0.00%     99.98% |         181      0.00%     99.99% |         201      0.00%     99.99% |         197      0.00%     99.99% |         198      0.00%     99.99% |         190      0.00%    100.00% |         184      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      7395609                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         178    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          178                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      367168     59.92%     59.92% |           0      0.00%     59.92% |       30715      5.01%     64.94% |       30626      5.00%     69.94% |       30688      5.01%     74.94% |       30714      5.01%     79.96% |       30706      5.01%     84.97% |       30704      5.01%     89.98% |       30679      5.01%     94.99% |       30714      5.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       612714                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     10.94%     10.94% |          11     17.19%     28.12% |          10     15.62%     43.75% |           7     10.94%     54.69% |           5      7.81%     62.50% |           3      4.69%     67.19% |          11     17.19%     84.38% |          10     15.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           81                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         250     95.06%     95.06% |           0      0.00%     95.06% |           1      0.38%     95.44% |           0      0.00%     95.44% |           4      1.52%     96.96% |           0      0.00%     96.96% |           5      1.90%     98.86% |           0      0.00%     98.86% |           3      1.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      169748     36.54%     36.54% |          40      0.01%     36.55% |       36851      7.93%     44.49% |       36844      7.93%     52.42% |       36841      7.93%     60.35% |       36834      7.93%     68.28% |       36839      7.93%     76.21% |       36831      7.93%     84.14% |       36826      7.93%     92.07% |       36850      7.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       464504                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.32%      1.32% |           8      5.26%      6.58% |          10      6.58%     13.16% |          16     10.53%     23.68% |           9      5.92%     29.61% |          28     18.42%     48.03% |          13      8.55%     56.58% |          22     14.47%     71.05% |          41     26.97%     98.03% |           3      1.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total          152                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      125994     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126003                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      338301     57.68%     57.68% |           0      0.00%     57.68% |       31043      5.29%     62.97% |       31021      5.29%     68.26% |       31040      5.29%     73.55% |       31023      5.29%     78.84% |       31031      5.29%     84.13% |       31027      5.29%     89.42% |       31033      5.29%     94.71% |       31043      5.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       586562                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1276     98.61%     98.61% |           0      0.00%     98.61% |           2      0.15%     98.76% |           3      0.23%     99.00% |           2      0.15%     99.15% |           3      0.23%     99.38% |           3      0.23%     99.61% |           3      0.23%     99.85% |           2      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1294                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          57    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           57                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         123     96.09%     96.09% |           0      0.00%     96.09% |           2      1.56%     97.66% |           0      0.00%     97.66% |           1      0.78%     98.44% |           1      0.78%     99.22% |           0      0.00%     99.22% |           0      0.00%     99.22% |           0      0.00%     99.22% |           1      0.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      506196     48.44%     48.44% |           0      0.00%     48.44% |       67364      6.45%     54.89% |       67332      6.44%     61.33% |       67349      6.45%     67.78% |       67332      6.44%     74.22% |       67348      6.45%     80.67% |       67337      6.44%     87.11% |       67327      6.44%     93.55% |       67359      6.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1044944                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3865      3.11%      3.11% |        3802      3.06%      6.18% |        3547      2.86%      9.03% |        3504      2.82%     11.86% |        3571      2.88%     14.73% |        4048      3.26%     18.00% |        3754      3.02%     21.02% |        3280      2.64%     23.66% |        3556      2.86%     26.53% |        5140      4.14%     30.67% |        3963      3.19%     33.86% |        3820      3.08%     36.94% |        3563      2.87%     39.81% |        4325      3.48%     43.29% |        3868      3.12%     46.41% |        3737      3.01%     49.42% |        4118      3.32%     52.74% |        4155      3.35%     56.09% |        3673      2.96%     59.05% |        3383      2.73%     61.77% |        3062      2.47%     64.24% |        3702      2.98%     67.22% |        3479      2.80%     70.02% |        3352      2.70%     72.72% |        3636      2.93%     75.65% |        3694      2.98%     78.63% |        3243      2.61%     81.24% |        4615      3.72%     84.96% |        3975      3.20%     88.16% |        5205      4.19%     92.36% |        5072      4.09%     96.44% |        4416      3.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124123                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       55084     11.81%     11.81% |       13892      2.98%     14.78% |       12707      2.72%     17.51% |       13622      2.92%     20.43% |       12824      2.75%     23.17% |       12690      2.72%     25.89% |       12298      2.64%     28.53% |       12557      2.69%     31.22% |       12940      2.77%     33.99% |       12815      2.75%     36.74% |       14956      3.21%     39.95% |       13303      2.85%     42.80% |       12857      2.76%     45.55% |       12824      2.75%     48.30% |       12198      2.61%     50.92% |       12581      2.70%     53.61% |       13677      2.93%     56.54% |       12731      2.73%     59.27% |       13098      2.81%     62.08% |       13147      2.82%     64.90% |       13661      2.93%     67.82% |       16813      3.60%     71.43% |       12772      2.74%     74.16% |       12924      2.77%     76.93% |       12856      2.76%     79.69% |       13002      2.79%     82.48% |       12533      2.69%     85.16% |       12244      2.62%     87.79% |       13259      2.84%     90.63% |       12621      2.70%     93.33% |       13602      2.92%     96.25% |       17503      3.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       466591                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       22433      3.82%      3.82% |       18989      3.24%      7.06% |       16801      2.86%      9.93% |       18817      3.21%     13.13% |       16979      2.89%     16.03% |       17073      2.91%     18.94% |       16825      2.87%     21.81% |       17153      2.92%     24.73% |       17470      2.98%     27.71% |       17179      2.93%     30.64% |       17607      3.00%     33.64% |       17569      3.00%     36.64% |       17676      3.01%     39.65% |       17488      2.98%     42.63% |       17424      2.97%     45.60% |       17619      3.00%     48.60% |       17849      3.04%     51.65% |       17592      3.00%     54.65% |       17893      3.05%     57.70% |       18510      3.16%     60.85% |       18473      3.15%     64.00% |       20242      3.45%     67.45% |       18477      3.15%     70.60% |       18330      3.12%     73.73% |       18406      3.14%     76.87% |       18252      3.11%     79.98% |       18650      3.18%     83.16% |       18645      3.18%     86.33% |       19441      3.31%     89.65% |       19538      3.33%     92.98% |       20537      3.50%     96.48% |       20642      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       586579                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       75587      7.23%      7.23% |       32685      3.13%     10.36% |       29305      2.80%     13.17% |       32199      3.08%     16.25% |       29604      2.83%     19.08% |       29494      2.82%     21.90% |       28915      2.77%     24.67% |       29512      2.82%     27.49% |       30210      2.89%     30.39% |       29810      2.85%     33.24% |       32346      3.10%     36.33% |       30690      2.94%     39.27% |       30343      2.90%     42.17% |       30125      2.88%     45.06% |       29419      2.82%     47.87% |       30020      2.87%     50.75% |       31301      3.00%     53.74% |       30136      2.88%     56.62% |       30759      2.94%     59.57% |       31443      3.01%     62.58% |       31922      3.05%     65.63% |       36802      3.52%     69.15% |       31056      2.97%     72.13% |       31065      2.97%     75.10% |       31069      2.97%     78.07% |       31057      2.97%     81.04% |       30993      2.97%     84.01% |       30694      2.94%     86.95% |       32515      3.11%     90.06% |       31974      3.06%     93.12% |       33952      3.25%     96.37% |       37947      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1044949                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       17844      3.81%      3.81% |       14517      3.10%      6.91% |       14528      3.10%     10.02% |       14511      3.10%     13.12% |       14495      3.10%     16.22% |       14504      3.10%     19.32% |       14515      3.10%     22.42% |       14516      3.10%     25.52% |       14524      3.10%     28.62% |       14533      3.11%     31.73% |       14529      3.10%     34.83% |       14525      3.10%     37.93% |       14513      3.10%     41.04% |       14520      3.10%     44.14% |       14512      3.10%     47.24% |       14509      3.10%     50.34% |       14563      3.11%     53.45% |       14528      3.10%     56.55% |       14534      3.11%     59.66% |       14531      3.10%     62.76% |       14515      3.10%     65.87% |       14539      3.11%     68.97% |       14524      3.10%     72.08% |       14525      3.10%     75.18% |       14537      3.11%     78.28% |       14535      3.11%     81.39% |       14529      3.10%     84.49% |       14522      3.10%     87.60% |       14522      3.10%     90.70% |       14500      3.10%     93.80% |       14514      3.10%     96.90% |       14510      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       468023                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        8873      3.20%      3.20% |        8720      3.15%      6.35% |        8724      3.15%      9.49% |        8669      3.13%     12.62% |        8655      3.12%     15.74% |        8632      3.11%     18.86% |        8644      3.12%     21.98% |        8649      3.12%     25.10% |        8657      3.12%     28.22% |        8693      3.14%     31.36% |        8720      3.15%     34.50% |        8666      3.13%     37.63% |        8696      3.14%     40.77% |        8661      3.12%     43.89% |        8699      3.14%     47.03% |        8631      3.11%     50.14% |        8676      3.13%     53.27% |        8651      3.12%     56.39% |        8642      3.12%     59.51% |        8618      3.11%     62.62% |        8633      3.11%     65.74% |        8653      3.12%     68.86% |        8633      3.11%     71.97% |        8599      3.10%     75.07% |        8638      3.12%     78.19% |        8678      3.13%     81.32% |        8648      3.12%     84.44% |        8593      3.10%     87.54% |        8634      3.11%     90.66% |        8659      3.12%     93.78% |        8619      3.11%     96.89% |        8619      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       277182                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       27831      3.57%      3.57% |       24283      3.12%      6.69% |       24299      3.12%      9.81% |       24227      3.11%     12.92% |       24196      3.11%     16.03% |       24182      3.11%     19.14% |       24205      3.11%     22.24% |       24211      3.11%     25.35% |       24227      3.11%     28.46% |       24272      3.12%     31.58% |       24295      3.12%     34.70% |       24237      3.11%     37.81% |       24255      3.11%     40.93% |       24227      3.11%     44.04% |       24256      3.11%     47.15% |       24186      3.11%     50.26% |       24285      3.12%     53.38% |       24225      3.11%     56.49% |       24222      3.11%     59.60% |       24195      3.11%     62.71% |       24194      3.11%     65.81% |       24238      3.11%     68.92% |       24203      3.11%     72.03% |       24170      3.10%     75.14% |       24221      3.11%     78.25% |       24259      3.12%     81.36% |       24223      3.11%     84.47% |       24161      3.10%     87.57% |       24202      3.11%     90.68% |       24204      3.11%     93.79% |       24179      3.10%     96.90% |       24175      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       778745                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       26807      3.59%      3.59% |       23259      3.12%      6.71% |       23275      3.12%      9.83% |       23203      3.11%     12.94% |       23172      3.11%     16.05% |       23158      3.10%     19.15% |       23181      3.11%     22.26% |       23187      3.11%     25.37% |       23203      3.11%     28.48% |       23248      3.12%     31.60% |       23271      3.12%     34.71% |       23213      3.11%     37.83% |       23231      3.11%     40.94% |       23203      3.11%     44.05% |       23233      3.11%     47.17% |       23162      3.10%     50.27% |       23261      3.12%     53.39% |       23201      3.11%     56.50% |       23198      3.11%     59.61% |       23171      3.11%     62.71% |       23170      3.11%     65.82% |       23214      3.11%     68.93% |       23179      3.11%     72.04% |       23146      3.10%     75.14% |       23197      3.11%     78.25% |       23235      3.11%     81.37% |       23199      3.11%     84.48% |       23137      3.10%     87.58% |       23178      3.11%     90.69% |       23181      3.11%     93.79% |       23155      3.10%     96.90% |       23151      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       745979                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          56     21.62%     21.62% |           2      0.77%     22.39% |           6      2.32%     24.71% |           5      1.93%     26.64% |           4      1.54%     28.19% |           4      1.54%     29.73% |           4      1.54%     31.27% |           5      1.93%     33.20% |           7      2.70%     35.91% |           4      1.54%     37.45% |           6      2.32%     39.77% |           4      1.54%     41.31% |           5      1.93%     43.24% |           3      1.16%     44.40% |           4      1.54%     45.95% |           3      1.16%     47.10% |           4      1.54%     48.65% |           3      1.16%     49.81% |           9      3.47%     53.28% |          10      3.86%     57.14% |          19      7.34%     64.48% |          19      7.34%     71.81% |           9      3.47%     75.29% |          10      3.86%     79.15% |           7      2.70%     81.85% |           8      3.09%     84.94% |           7      2.70%     87.64% |           9      3.47%     91.12% |           7      2.70%     93.82% |           6      2.32%     96.14% |           7      2.70%     98.84% |           3      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          259                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          28     39.44%     39.44% |           0      0.00%     39.44% |           0      0.00%     39.44% |          15     21.13%     60.56% |           0      0.00%     60.56% |           0      0.00%     60.56% |           0      0.00%     60.56% |           0      0.00%     60.56% |           0      0.00%     60.56% |           0      0.00%     60.56% |           0      0.00%     60.56% |           0      0.00%     60.56% |           0      0.00%     60.56% |           0      0.00%     60.56% |           0      0.00%     60.56% |           0      0.00%     60.56% |          12     16.90%     77.46% |           0      0.00%     77.46% |           0      0.00%     77.46% |          14     19.72%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |           2      2.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           71                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          32     20.51%     20.51% |           2      1.28%     21.79% |           1      0.64%     22.44% |          21     13.46%     35.90% |           3      1.92%     37.82% |           3      1.92%     39.74% |           4      2.56%     42.31% |           3      1.92%     44.23% |           5      3.21%     47.44% |           3      1.92%     49.36% |           2      1.28%     50.64% |           2      1.28%     51.92% |           3      1.92%     53.85% |           3      1.92%     55.77% |           4      2.56%     58.33% |           3      1.92%     60.26% |          15      9.62%     69.87% |           1      0.64%     70.51% |           2      1.28%     71.79% |          14      8.97%     80.77% |           1      0.64%     81.41% |           0      0.00%     81.41% |           1      0.64%     82.05% |           2      1.28%     83.33% |           3      1.92%     85.26% |           5      3.21%     88.46% |           4      2.56%     91.03% |           5      3.21%     94.23% |           3      1.92%     96.15% |           2      1.28%     97.44% |           2      1.28%     98.72% |           2      1.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total          156                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         546      3.59%      3.59% |         471      3.10%      6.68% |         466      3.06%      9.75% |         467      3.07%     12.82% |         462      3.04%     15.85% |         456      3.00%     18.85% |         471      3.10%     21.95% |         469      3.08%     25.03% |         461      3.03%     28.06% |         462      3.04%     31.09% |         508      3.34%     34.43% |         484      3.18%     37.61% |         502      3.30%     40.91% |         480      3.15%     44.07% |         498      3.27%     47.34% |         482      3.17%     50.51% |         507      3.33%     53.84% |         487      3.20%     57.04% |         470      3.09%     60.13% |         461      3.03%     63.16% |         437      2.87%     66.03% |         482      3.17%     69.20% |         455      2.99%     72.19% |         444      2.92%     75.11% |         482      3.17%     78.28% |         499      3.28%     81.56% |         487      3.20%     84.76% |         453      2.98%     87.74% |         461      3.03%     90.77% |         473      3.11%     93.87% |         472      3.10%     96.98% |         460      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        15215                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          29     19.08%     19.08% |           2      1.32%     20.39% |           1      0.66%     21.05% |          18     11.84%     32.89% |           3      1.97%     34.87% |           3      1.97%     36.84% |           4      2.63%     39.47% |           3      1.97%     41.45% |           5      3.29%     44.74% |           3      1.97%     46.71% |           2      1.32%     48.03% |           2      1.32%     49.34% |           3      1.97%     51.32% |           3      1.97%     53.29% |           4      2.63%     55.92% |           3      1.97%     57.89% |          15      9.87%     67.76% |           1      0.66%     68.42% |           2      1.32%     69.74% |          14      9.21%     78.95% |           1      0.66%     79.61% |           0      0.00%     79.61% |           1      0.66%     80.26% |           2      1.32%     81.58% |           3      1.97%     83.55% |           5      3.29%     86.84% |           4      2.63%     89.47% |           7      4.61%     94.08% |           3      1.97%     96.05% |           2      1.32%     97.37% |           2      1.32%     98.68% |           2      1.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total          152                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       75919      7.22%      7.22% |       32867      3.13%     10.35% |       29495      2.81%     13.16% |       32398      3.08%     16.24% |       29787      2.83%     19.07% |       29678      2.82%     21.90% |       29096      2.77%     24.66% |       29698      2.83%     27.49% |       30397      2.89%     30.38% |       29991      2.85%     33.23% |       32545      3.10%     36.33% |       30868      2.94%     39.27% |       30527      2.90%     42.17% |       30306      2.88%     45.06% |       29599      2.82%     47.87% |       30195      2.87%     50.74% |       31506      3.00%     53.74% |       30317      2.88%     56.63% |       30933      2.94%     59.57% |       31642      3.01%     62.58% |       32123      3.06%     65.64% |       37030      3.52%     69.16% |       31246      2.97%     72.13% |       31250      2.97%     75.10% |       31254      2.97%     78.08% |       31240      2.97%     81.05% |       31177      2.97%     84.02% |       30881      2.94%     86.95% |       32697      3.11%     90.06% |       32156      3.06%     93.12% |       34136      3.25%     96.37% |       38135      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1051089                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         180     11.61%     11.61% |          46      2.97%     14.58% |          46      2.97%     17.55% |          46      2.97%     20.52% |          44      2.84%     23.35% |          44      2.84%     26.19% |          44      2.84%     29.03% |          44      2.84%     31.87% |          44      2.84%     34.71% |          44      2.84%     37.55% |          44      2.84%     40.39% |          44      2.84%     43.23% |          44      2.84%     46.06% |          44      2.84%     48.90% |          44      2.84%     51.74% |          44      2.84%     54.58% |          44      2.84%     57.42% |          44      2.84%     60.26% |          44      2.84%     63.10% |          44      2.84%     65.94% |          44      2.84%     68.77% |          44      2.84%     71.61% |          44      2.84%     74.45% |          44      2.84%     77.29% |          44      2.84%     80.13% |          44      2.84%     82.97% |          44      2.84%     85.81% |          44      2.84%     88.65% |          44      2.84%     91.48% |          44      2.84%     94.32% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1550                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         445      3.30%      3.30% |         422      3.12%      6.42% |         414      3.07%      9.49% |         404      2.99%     12.48% |         410      3.04%     15.51% |         401      2.97%     18.48% |         415      3.07%     21.56% |         417      3.09%     24.64% |         407      3.01%     27.66% |         416      3.08%     30.74% |         443      3.28%     34.02% |         438      3.24%     37.26% |         452      3.35%     40.61% |         429      3.18%     43.79% |         449      3.32%     47.11% |         440      3.26%     50.37% |         450      3.33%     53.70% |         440      3.26%     56.96% |         434      3.21%     60.17% |         406      3.01%     63.18% |         386      2.86%     66.04% |         408      3.02%     69.06% |         404      2.99%     72.05% |         395      2.93%     74.98% |         427      3.16%     78.14% |         447      3.31%     81.45% |         436      3.23%     84.68% |         401      2.97%     87.65% |         415      3.07%     90.72% |         427      3.16%     93.88% |         425      3.15%     97.03% |         401      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13504                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       12412      4.30%      4.30% |        8977      3.11%      7.41% |        8995      3.12%     10.53% |        8932      3.10%     13.63% |        8903      3.09%     16.71% |        8890      3.08%     19.79% |        8896      3.08%     22.88% |        8907      3.09%     25.96% |        8925      3.09%     29.06% |        8957      3.10%     32.16% |        8972      3.11%     35.27% |        8897      3.08%     38.35% |        8911      3.09%     41.44% |        8905      3.09%     44.53% |        8920      3.09%     47.62% |        8863      3.07%     50.69% |        8911      3.09%     53.78% |        8888      3.08%     56.86% |        8892      3.08%     59.94% |        8889      3.08%     63.02% |        8895      3.08%     66.11% |        8909      3.09%     69.19% |        8914      3.09%     72.28% |        8878      3.08%     75.36% |        8887      3.08%     78.44% |        8913      3.09%     81.53% |        8885      3.08%     84.61% |        8867      3.07%     87.68% |        8900      3.08%     90.77% |        8895      3.08%     93.85% |        8859      3.07%     96.92% |        8892      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       288536                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       14974      3.14%      3.14% |       14885      3.12%      6.26% |       14890      3.12%      9.39% |       14891      3.12%     12.51% |       14883      3.12%     15.63% |       14891      3.12%     18.76% |       14894      3.12%     21.88% |       14887      3.12%     25.00% |       14895      3.12%     28.13% |       14899      3.13%     31.25% |       14880      3.12%     34.38% |       14902      3.13%     37.50% |       14892      3.12%     40.63% |       14893      3.12%     43.75% |       14888      3.12%     46.87% |       14883      3.12%     49.99% |       14924      3.13%     53.12% |       14897      3.12%     56.25% |       14896      3.12%     59.37% |       14900      3.13%     62.50% |       14913      3.13%     65.63% |       14921      3.13%     68.76% |       14885      3.12%     71.88% |       14897      3.12%     75.01% |       14907      3.13%     78.13% |       14899      3.13%     81.26% |       14902      3.13%     84.38% |       14893      3.12%     87.51% |       14887      3.12%     90.63% |       14883      3.12%     93.75% |       14895      3.12%     96.88% |       14882      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       476708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3416      3.09%      3.09% |        3372      3.05%      6.14% |        3131      2.83%      8.98% |        3095      2.80%     11.78% |        3159      2.86%     14.64% |        3642      3.30%     17.93% |        3333      3.02%     20.95% |        2861      2.59%     23.54% |        3146      2.85%     26.39% |        4724      4.28%     30.66% |        3518      3.18%     33.84% |        3378      3.06%     36.90% |        3108      2.81%     39.71% |        3896      3.53%     43.24% |        3415      3.09%     46.33% |        3297      2.98%     49.31% |        3665      3.32%     52.63% |        3712      3.36%     55.99% |        3224      2.92%     58.91% |        2966      2.68%     61.59% |        2675      2.42%     64.01% |        3293      2.98%     66.99% |        3073      2.78%     69.77% |        2954      2.67%     72.45% |        3204      2.90%     75.35% |        3245      2.94%     78.28% |        2803      2.54%     80.82% |        4211      3.81%     84.63% |        3552      3.21%     87.85% |        4776      4.32%     92.17% |        4640      4.20%     96.37% |        4013      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110497                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1562     81.99%     81.99% |          12      0.63%     82.62% |          13      0.68%     83.31% |          24      1.26%     84.57% |          13      0.68%     85.25% |          82      4.30%     89.55% |          22      1.15%     90.71% |           8      0.42%     91.13% |           7      0.37%     91.50% |           0      0.00%     91.50% |          15      0.79%     92.28% |           3      0.16%     92.44% |           3      0.16%     92.60% |           3      0.16%     92.76% |          20      1.05%     93.81% |           2      0.10%     93.91% |           6      0.31%     94.23% |           5      0.26%     94.49% |          65      3.41%     97.90% |           3      0.16%     98.06% |           0      0.00%     98.06% |           5      0.26%     98.32% |           2      0.10%     98.43% |           2      0.10%     98.53% |           5      0.26%     98.79% |           8      0.42%     99.21% |           3      0.16%     99.37% |           3      0.16%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           1      0.05%     99.58% |           8      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         1905                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           1      3.85%     34.62% |           2      7.69%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           4     15.38%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           1      3.85%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           1      3.85%     69.23% |           3     11.54%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          13     10.00%     10.00% |           3      2.31%     12.31% |           2      1.54%     13.85% |          11      8.46%     22.31% |           3      2.31%     24.62% |           5      3.85%     28.46% |           6      4.62%     33.08% |           3      2.31%     35.38% |           5      3.85%     39.23% |           3      2.31%     41.54% |           2      1.54%     43.08% |           2      1.54%     44.62% |           4      3.08%     47.69% |           3      2.31%     50.00% |           5      3.85%     53.85% |           3      2.31%     56.15% |          13     10.00%     66.15% |           1      0.77%     66.92% |           3      2.31%     69.23% |           6      4.62%     73.85% |           1      0.77%     74.62% |           0      0.00%     74.62% |           1      0.77%     75.38% |           2      1.54%     76.92% |           4      3.08%     80.00% |           5      3.85%     83.85% |           5      3.85%     87.69% |           6      4.62%     92.31% |           3      2.31%     94.62% |           2      1.54%     96.15% |           2      1.54%     97.69% |           3      2.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total          130                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         464      3.43%      3.43% |         421      3.11%      6.54% |         411      3.04%      9.58% |         411      3.04%     12.62% |         411      3.04%     15.66% |         402      2.97%     18.63% |         418      3.09%     21.73% |         416      3.08%     24.80% |         407      3.01%     27.81% |         414      3.06%     30.87% |         445      3.29%     34.16% |         438      3.24%     37.40% |         449      3.32%     40.72% |         428      3.16%     43.89% |         448      3.31%     47.20% |         438      3.24%     50.44% |         450      3.33%     53.77% |         439      3.25%     57.01% |         432      3.19%     60.21% |         410      3.03%     63.24% |         385      2.85%     66.09% |         406      3.00%     69.09% |         404      2.99%     72.08% |         398      2.94%     75.02% |         430      3.18%     78.20% |         449      3.32%     81.52% |         436      3.22%     84.74% |         400      2.96%     87.70% |         413      3.05%     90.76% |         425      3.14%     93.90% |         423      3.13%     97.03% |         402      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13523                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.30%      4.30% |           8      8.60%     12.90% |           2      2.15%     15.05% |           5      5.38%     20.43% |           2      2.15%     22.58% |           5      5.38%     27.96% |           6      6.45%     34.41% |           0      0.00%     34.41% |           3      3.23%     37.63% |           0      0.00%     37.63% |           2      2.15%     39.78% |           2      2.15%     41.94% |           3      3.23%     45.16% |           0      0.00%     45.16% |           4      4.30%     49.46% |           0      0.00%     49.46% |           1      1.08%     50.54% |           3      3.23%     53.76% |          15     16.13%     69.89% |           3      3.23%     73.12% |           1      1.08%     74.19% |           1      1.08%     75.27% |           2      2.15%     77.42% |           3      3.23%     80.65% |           5      5.38%     86.02% |           2      2.15%     88.17% |           4      4.30%     92.47% |           3      3.23%     95.70% |           1      1.08%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           1      1.08%     97.85% |           2      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           93                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       41078     23.34%     23.34% |        4901      2.79%     26.13% |        3698      2.10%     28.23% |        4648      2.64%     30.87% |        3905      2.22%     33.09% |        3715      2.11%     35.20% |        3375      1.92%     37.12% |        3638      2.07%     39.19% |        4002      2.27%     41.46% |        3855      2.19%     43.65% |        5966      3.39%     47.04% |        4401      2.50%     49.54% |        3940      2.24%     51.78% |        3913      2.22%     54.01% |        3254      1.85%     55.85% |        3713      2.11%     57.96% |        4745      2.70%     60.66% |        3836      2.18%     62.84% |        4138      2.35%     65.19% |        4241      2.41%     67.60% |        4765      2.71%     70.31% |        7884      4.48%     74.79% |        3855      2.19%     76.98% |        4042      2.30%     79.28% |        3961      2.25%     81.53% |        4075      2.32%     83.85% |        3640      2.07%     85.91% |        3367      1.91%     87.83% |        4356      2.48%     90.30% |        3724      2.12%     92.42% |        4740      2.69%     95.11% |        8601      4.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       175972                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        7405      6.75%      6.75% |        4098      3.73%     10.48% |        1910      1.74%     12.22% |        3924      3.57%     15.79% |        2096      1.91%     17.70% |        2182      1.99%     19.69% |        1931      1.76%     21.45% |        2266      2.06%     23.52% |        2574      2.35%     25.86% |        2280      2.08%     27.94% |        2727      2.48%     30.42% |        2667      2.43%     32.85% |        2780      2.53%     35.39% |        2595      2.36%     37.75% |        2535      2.31%     40.06% |        2736      2.49%     42.55% |        2911      2.65%     45.20% |        2694      2.45%     47.66% |        2994      2.73%     50.39% |        3609      3.29%     53.67% |        3550      3.23%     56.91% |        5316      4.84%     61.75% |        3592      3.27%     65.02% |        3433      3.13%     68.15% |        3498      3.19%     71.34% |        3353      3.05%     74.39% |        3747      3.41%     77.81% |        3750      3.42%     81.22% |        4554      4.15%     85.37% |        4655      4.24%     89.61% |        5642      5.14%     94.75% |        5760      5.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       109764                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       17828      3.81%      3.81% |       14511      3.10%      6.91% |       14522      3.10%     10.02% |       14498      3.10%     13.12% |       14490      3.10%     16.21% |       14497      3.10%     19.31% |       14506      3.10%     22.41% |       14511      3.10%     25.51% |       14518      3.10%     28.62% |       14528      3.11%     31.72% |       14523      3.10%     34.83% |       14521      3.10%     37.93% |       14508      3.10%     41.03% |       14516      3.10%     44.14% |       14506      3.10%     47.24% |       14505      3.10%     50.34% |       14548      3.11%     53.45% |       14525      3.10%     56.55% |       14528      3.11%     59.66% |       14523      3.10%     62.76% |       14512      3.10%     65.86% |       14535      3.11%     68.97% |       14520      3.10%     72.08% |       14522      3.10%     75.18% |       14531      3.11%     78.29% |       14527      3.11%     81.39% |       14521      3.10%     84.49% |       14514      3.10%     87.60% |       14515      3.10%     90.70% |       14494      3.10%     93.80% |       14509      3.10%     96.90% |       14504      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       467816                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        8343      3.18%      3.18% |        8255      3.15%      6.33% |        8259      3.15%      9.49% |        8213      3.13%     12.62% |        8197      3.13%     15.75% |        8182      3.12%     18.87% |        8182      3.12%     21.99% |        8184      3.12%     25.12% |        8200      3.13%     28.24% |        8235      3.14%     31.39% |        8214      3.13%     34.52% |        8184      3.12%     37.64% |        8197      3.13%     40.77% |        8185      3.12%     43.90% |        8207      3.13%     47.03% |        8153      3.11%     50.14% |        8183      3.12%     53.26% |        8165      3.12%     56.38% |        8171      3.12%     59.50% |        8155      3.11%     62.61% |        8181      3.12%     65.73% |        8156      3.11%     68.84% |        8174      3.12%     71.96% |        8151      3.11%     75.07% |        8158      3.11%     78.18% |        8184      3.12%     81.31% |        8166      3.12%     84.42% |        8144      3.11%     87.53% |        8176      3.12%     90.65% |        8188      3.12%     93.78% |        8147      3.11%     96.88% |        8164      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       262053                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          29     19.08%     19.08% |           2      1.32%     20.39% |           1      0.66%     21.05% |          18     11.84%     32.89% |           3      1.97%     34.87% |           3      1.97%     36.84% |           4      2.63%     39.47% |           3      1.97%     41.45% |           5      3.29%     44.74% |           3      1.97%     46.71% |           2      1.32%     48.03% |           2      1.32%     49.34% |           3      1.97%     51.32% |           3      1.97%     53.29% |           4      2.63%     55.92% |           3      1.97%     57.89% |          15      9.87%     67.76% |           1      0.66%     68.42% |           2      1.32%     69.74% |          14      9.21%     78.95% |           1      0.66%     79.61% |           0      0.00%     79.61% |           1      0.66%     80.26% |           2      1.32%     81.58% |           3      1.97%     83.55% |           5      3.29%     86.84% |           4      2.63%     89.47% |           7      4.61%     94.08% |           3      1.97%     96.05% |           2      1.32%     97.37% |           2      1.32%     98.68% |           2      1.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total          152                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          50     78.12%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |          14     21.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           64                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       75582      7.23%      7.23% |       32685      3.13%     10.36% |       29305      2.80%     13.17% |       32199      3.08%     16.25% |       29604      2.83%     19.08% |       29494      2.82%     21.90% |       28915      2.77%     24.67% |       29512      2.82%     27.49% |       30210      2.89%     30.38% |       29810      2.85%     33.24% |       32346      3.10%     36.33% |       30690      2.94%     39.27% |       30343      2.90%     42.17% |       30125      2.88%     45.06% |       29419      2.82%     47.87% |       30020      2.87%     50.75% |       31301      3.00%     53.74% |       30136      2.88%     56.62% |       30759      2.94%     59.57% |       31443      3.01%     62.58% |       31922      3.05%     65.63% |       36802      3.52%     69.15% |       31056      2.97%     72.13% |       31065      2.97%     75.10% |       31069      2.97%     78.07% |       31057      2.97%     81.04% |       30993      2.97%     84.01% |       30694      2.94%     86.95% |       32515      3.11%     90.06% |       31974      3.06%     93.12% |       33952      3.25%     96.37% |       37947      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1044944                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      3.90%      3.90% |           3      3.90%      7.79% |           4      5.19%     12.99% |           2      2.60%     15.58% |           2      2.60%     18.18% |           2      2.60%     20.78% |           3      3.90%     24.68% |           2      2.60%     27.27% |           1      1.30%     28.57% |           2      2.60%     31.17% |           4      5.19%     36.36% |           2      2.60%     38.96% |           1      1.30%     40.26% |           1      1.30%     41.56% |           1      1.30%     42.86% |           1      1.30%     44.16% |           2      2.60%     46.75% |           2      2.60%     49.35% |           3      3.90%     53.25% |           2      2.60%     55.84% |           2      2.60%     58.44% |           4      5.19%     63.64% |           3      3.90%     67.53% |           1      1.30%     68.83% |           2      2.60%     71.43% |           3      3.90%     75.32% |           3      3.90%     79.22% |           2      2.60%     81.82% |           4      5.19%     87.01% |           4      5.19%     92.21% |           3      3.90%     96.10% |           3      3.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           77                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          66      4.11%      4.11% |          44      2.74%      6.85% |          54      3.36%     10.21% |          45      2.80%     13.01% |          47      2.93%     15.94% |          48      2.99%     18.93% |          44      2.74%     21.67% |          49      3.05%     24.72% |          50      3.11%     27.83% |          44      2.74%     30.57% |          61      3.80%     34.37% |          44      2.74%     37.11% |          50      3.11%     40.22% |          48      2.99%     43.21% |          44      2.74%     45.95% |          40      2.49%     48.44% |          43      2.68%     51.12% |          47      2.93%     54.05% |          39      2.43%     56.48% |          53      3.30%     59.78% |          67      4.17%     63.95% |          91      5.67%     69.61% |          55      3.42%     73.04% |          50      3.11%     76.15% |          50      3.11%     79.27% |          45      2.80%     82.07% |          46      2.86%     84.93% |          49      3.05%     87.98% |          45      2.80%     90.78% |          46      2.86%     93.65% |          49      3.05%     96.70% |          53      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1606                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      6.90%      6.90% |           0      0.00%      6.90% |           0      0.00%      6.90% |           0      0.00%      6.90% |           2      6.90%     13.79% |           0      0.00%     13.79% |           0      0.00%     13.79% |           0      0.00%     13.79% |           0      0.00%     13.79% |           2      6.90%     20.69% |           0      0.00%     20.69% |           0      0.00%     20.69% |           8     27.59%     48.28% |           0      0.00%     48.28% |           0      0.00%     48.28% |           0      0.00%     48.28% |           0      0.00%     48.28% |           0      0.00%     48.28% |           0      0.00%     48.28% |           0      0.00%     48.28% |           0      0.00%     48.28% |           7     24.14%     72.41% |           2      6.90%     79.31% |           6     20.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           0      0.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |          12     60.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1      5.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       26807      3.59%      3.59% |       23259      3.12%      6.71% |       23275      3.12%      9.83% |       23203      3.11%     12.94% |       23172      3.11%     16.05% |       23158      3.10%     19.15% |       23181      3.11%     22.26% |       23187      3.11%     25.37% |       23203      3.11%     28.48% |       23248      3.12%     31.60% |       23271      3.12%     34.71% |       23213      3.11%     37.83% |       23231      3.11%     40.94% |       23203      3.11%     44.05% |       23233      3.11%     47.17% |       23162      3.10%     50.27% |       23261      3.12%     53.39% |       23201      3.11%     56.50% |       23198      3.11%     59.61% |       23171      3.11%     62.71% |       23170      3.11%     65.82% |       23214      3.11%     68.93% |       23179      3.11%     72.04% |       23146      3.10%     75.14% |       23197      3.11%     78.25% |       23235      3.11%     81.37% |       23199      3.11%     84.48% |       23137      3.10%     87.58% |       23178      3.11%     90.69% |       23181      3.11%     93.79% |       23155      3.10%     96.90% |       23151      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       745979                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          54     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      1.23%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           1      1.23%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           1      1.23%     70.37% |           2      2.47%     72.84% |           2      2.47%     75.31% |           1      1.23%     76.54% |           2      2.47%     79.01% |           2      2.47%     81.48% |           1      1.23%     82.72% |           2      2.47%     85.19% |           1      1.23%     86.42% |           2      2.47%     88.89% |           2      2.47%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           4      7.55%      7.55% |           3      5.66%     13.21% |           3      5.66%     18.87% |           2      3.77%     22.64% |           2      3.77%     26.42% |           2      3.77%     30.19% |           3      5.66%     35.85% |           3      5.66%     41.51% |           1      1.89%     43.40% |           2      3.77%     47.17% |           3      5.66%     52.83% |           2      3.77%     56.60% |           1      1.89%     58.49% |           1      1.89%     60.38% |           1      1.89%     62.26% |           1      1.89%     64.15% |           2      3.77%     67.92% |           1      1.89%     69.81% |           1      1.89%     71.70% |           0      0.00%     71.70% |           1      1.89%     73.58% |           2      3.77%     77.36% |           1      1.89%     79.25% |           1      1.89%     81.13% |           0      0.00%     81.13% |           2      3.77%     84.91% |           1      1.89%     86.79% |           0      0.00%     86.79% |           1      1.89%     88.68% |           2      3.77%     92.45% |           1      1.89%     94.34% |           3      5.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           53                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     42.86%     42.86% |           4     57.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           1      1.03%      1.03% |           0      0.00%      1.03% |           4      4.12%      5.15% |           2      2.06%      7.22% |           1      1.03%      8.25% |           1      1.03%      9.28% |           0      0.00%      9.28% |           2      2.06%     11.34% |           2      2.06%     13.40% |           1      1.03%     14.43% |           3      3.09%     17.53% |           2      2.06%     19.59% |           2      2.06%     21.65% |           0      0.00%     21.65% |           0      0.00%     21.65% |           0      0.00%     21.65% |           1      1.03%     22.68% |           1      1.03%     23.71% |           5      5.15%     28.87% |           8      8.25%     37.11% |          17     17.53%     54.64% |          17     17.53%     72.16% |           6      6.19%     78.35% |           7      7.22%     85.57% |           2      2.06%     87.63% |           2      2.06%     89.69% |           1      1.03%     90.72% |           2      2.06%     92.78% |           1      1.03%     93.81% |           2      2.06%     95.88% |           3      3.09%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          65      4.31%      4.31% |          44      2.92%      7.22% |          50      3.31%     10.54% |          43      2.85%     13.39% |          46      3.05%     16.43% |          47      3.11%     19.55% |          44      2.92%     22.47% |          47      3.11%     25.58% |          48      3.18%     28.76% |          43      2.85%     31.61% |          58      3.84%     35.45% |          42      2.78%     38.24% |          48      3.18%     41.42% |          48      3.18%     44.60% |          44      2.92%     47.51% |          40      2.65%     50.17% |          42      2.78%     52.95% |          46      3.05%     56.00% |          34      2.25%     58.25% |          45      2.98%     61.23% |          50      3.31%     64.55% |          74      4.90%     69.45% |          49      3.25%     72.70% |          43      2.85%     75.55% |          48      3.18%     78.73% |          43      2.85%     81.58% |          45      2.98%     84.56% |          47      3.11%     87.67% |          44      2.92%     90.59% |          44      2.92%     93.51% |          46      3.05%     96.55% |          52      3.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1509                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          19     51.35%     51.35% |           0      0.00%     51.35% |           0      0.00%     51.35% |           8     21.62%     72.97% |           0      0.00%     72.97% |           0      0.00%     72.97% |           0      0.00%     72.97% |           0      0.00%     72.97% |           0      0.00%     72.97% |           0      0.00%     72.97% |           0      0.00%     72.97% |           0      0.00%     72.97% |           0      0.00%     72.97% |           0      0.00%     72.97% |           0      0.00%     72.97% |           0      0.00%     72.97% |           2      5.41%     78.38% |           0      0.00%     78.38% |           0      0.00%     78.38% |           8     21.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           37                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         464      3.43%      3.43% |         421      3.11%      6.54% |         411      3.04%      9.58% |         411      3.04%     12.62% |         411      3.04%     15.66% |         402      2.97%     18.63% |         418      3.09%     21.73% |         416      3.08%     24.80% |         407      3.01%     27.81% |         414      3.06%     30.87% |         445      3.29%     34.16% |         438      3.24%     37.40% |         449      3.32%     40.72% |         428      3.16%     43.89% |         448      3.31%     47.20% |         438      3.24%     50.44% |         450      3.33%     53.77% |         439      3.25%     57.01% |         432      3.19%     60.21% |         410      3.03%     63.24% |         385      2.85%     66.09% |         406      3.00%     69.09% |         404      2.99%     72.08% |         398      2.94%     75.02% |         430      3.18%     78.20% |         449      3.32%     81.52% |         436      3.22%     84.74% |         400      2.96%     87.70% |         413      3.05%     90.76% |         425      3.14%     93.90% |         423      3.13%     97.03% |         402      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13523                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          13     10.92%     10.92% |           2      1.68%     12.61% |           1      0.84%     13.45% |          13     10.92%     24.37% |           3      2.52%     26.89% |           3      2.52%     29.41% |           4      3.36%     32.77% |           3      2.52%     35.29% |           5      4.20%     39.50% |           3      2.52%     42.02% |           2      1.68%     43.70% |           2      1.68%     45.38% |           3      2.52%     47.90% |           3      2.52%     50.42% |           4      3.36%     53.78% |           3      2.52%     56.30% |          13     10.92%     67.23% |           1      0.84%     68.07% |           2      1.68%     69.75% |           6      5.04%     74.79% |           1      0.84%     75.63% |           0      0.00%     75.63% |           1      0.84%     76.47% |           2      1.68%     78.15% |           3      2.52%     80.67% |           5      4.20%     84.87% |           4      3.36%     88.24% |           5      4.20%     92.44% |           3      2.52%     94.96% |           2      1.68%     96.64% |           2      1.68%     98.32% |           2      1.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          119                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          13     10.00%     10.00% |           3      2.31%     12.31% |           2      1.54%     13.85% |          11      8.46%     22.31% |           3      2.31%     24.62% |           5      3.85%     28.46% |           6      4.62%     33.08% |           3      2.31%     35.38% |           5      3.85%     39.23% |           3      2.31%     41.54% |           2      1.54%     43.08% |           2      1.54%     44.62% |           4      3.08%     47.69% |           3      2.31%     50.00% |           5      3.85%     53.85% |           3      2.31%     56.15% |          13     10.00%     66.15% |           1      0.77%     66.92% |           3      2.31%     69.23% |           6      4.62%     73.85% |           1      0.77%     74.62% |           0      0.00%     74.62% |           1      0.77%     75.38% |           2      1.54%     76.92% |           4      3.08%     80.00% |           5      3.85%     83.85% |           5      3.85%     87.69% |           6      4.62%     92.31% |           3      2.31%     94.62% |           2      1.54%     96.15% |           2      1.54%     97.69% |           3      2.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total          130                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       12409      4.30%      4.30% |        8977      3.11%      7.41% |        8995      3.12%     10.53% |        8932      3.10%     13.63% |        8903      3.09%     16.71% |        8890      3.08%     19.79% |        8896      3.08%     22.88% |        8907      3.09%     25.96% |        8925      3.09%     29.06% |        8957      3.10%     32.16% |        8972      3.11%     35.27% |        8897      3.08%     38.35% |        8911      3.09%     41.44% |        8905      3.09%     44.53% |        8920      3.09%     47.62% |        8863      3.07%     50.69% |        8911      3.09%     53.78% |        8888      3.08%     56.86% |        8892      3.08%     59.94% |        8889      3.08%     63.02% |        8895      3.08%     66.10% |        8909      3.09%     69.19% |        8914      3.09%     72.28% |        8878      3.08%     75.36% |        8887      3.08%     78.44% |        8913      3.09%     81.53% |        8885      3.08%     84.61% |        8867      3.07%     87.68% |        8900      3.08%     90.77% |        8894      3.08%     93.85% |        8859      3.07%     96.92% |        8892      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       288532                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         448      3.32%      3.32% |         421      3.12%      6.43% |         414      3.07%      9.50% |         404      2.99%     12.49% |         410      3.04%     15.53% |         401      2.97%     18.50% |         415      3.07%     21.57% |         417      3.09%     24.66% |         407      3.01%     27.67% |         416      3.08%     30.75% |         443      3.28%     34.03% |         438      3.24%     37.28% |         452      3.35%     40.62% |         429      3.18%     43.80% |         448      3.32%     47.12% |         440      3.26%     50.37% |         450      3.33%     53.71% |         440      3.26%     56.96% |         434      3.21%     60.18% |         406      3.01%     63.18% |         386      2.86%     66.04% |         408      3.02%     69.06% |         404      2.99%     72.05% |         395      2.92%     74.98% |         427      3.16%     78.14% |         447      3.31%     81.45% |         436      3.23%     84.68% |         401      2.97%     87.65% |         415      3.07%     90.72% |         427      3.16%     93.88% |         425      3.15%     97.03% |         401      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13505                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       14974      3.14%      3.14% |       14885      3.12%      6.26% |       14890      3.12%      9.39% |       14891      3.12%     12.51% |       14883      3.12%     15.63% |       14891      3.12%     18.76% |       14894      3.12%     21.88% |       14887      3.12%     25.00% |       14895      3.12%     28.13% |       14899      3.13%     31.25% |       14880      3.12%     34.38% |       14902      3.13%     37.50% |       14892      3.12%     40.63% |       14893      3.12%     43.75% |       14888      3.12%     46.87% |       14883      3.12%     49.99% |       14924      3.13%     53.12% |       14897      3.12%     56.25% |       14896      3.12%     59.37% |       14900      3.13%     62.50% |       14913      3.13%     65.63% |       14921      3.13%     68.76% |       14885      3.12%     71.88% |       14897      3.12%     75.01% |       14907      3.13%     78.13% |       14899      3.13%     81.26% |       14902      3.13%     84.38% |       14893      3.12%     87.51% |       14887      3.12%     90.63% |       14883      3.12%     93.75% |       14895      3.12%     96.88% |       14882      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       476708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.12%      6.12% |           6     12.24%     18.37% |           2      4.08%     22.45% |           3      6.12%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      2.04%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           1      2.04%     32.65% |           4      8.16%     40.82% |           0      0.00%     40.82% |           2      4.08%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           1      2.04%     46.94% |           2      4.08%     51.02% |          13     26.53%     77.55% |           3      6.12%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           1      2.04%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           3      6.12%     91.84% |           4      8.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           49                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       75916      7.22%      7.22% |       32861      3.13%     10.35% |       29493      2.81%     13.16% |       32395      3.08%     16.24% |       29787      2.83%     19.07% |       29678      2.82%     21.90% |       29096      2.77%     24.66% |       29698      2.83%     27.49% |       30396      2.89%     30.38% |       29991      2.85%     33.23% |       32545      3.10%     36.33% |       30867      2.94%     39.27% |       30523      2.90%     42.17% |       30306      2.88%     45.06% |       29597      2.82%     47.87% |       30195      2.87%     50.74% |       31505      3.00%     53.74% |       30315      2.88%     56.63% |       30920      2.94%     59.57% |       31639      3.01%     62.58% |       32123      3.06%     65.63% |       37030      3.52%     69.16% |       31246      2.97%     72.13% |       31250      2.97%     75.10% |       31253      2.97%     78.08% |       31240      2.97%     81.05% |       31174      2.97%     84.02% |       30877      2.94%     86.95% |       32697      3.11%     90.06% |       32156      3.06%     93.12% |       34136      3.25%     96.37% |       38135      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1051040                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           1      1.25%      1.25% |           2      2.50%      3.75% |           1      1.25%      5.00% |           3      3.75%      8.75% |           3      3.75%     12.50% |           3      3.75%     16.25% |           4      5.00%     21.25% |           3      3.75%     25.00% |           5      6.25%     31.25% |           3      3.75%     35.00% |           2      2.50%     37.50% |           2      2.50%     40.00% |           3      3.75%     43.75% |           3      3.75%     47.50% |           4      5.00%     52.50% |           3      3.75%     56.25% |           3      3.75%     60.00% |           1      1.25%     61.25% |           2      2.50%     63.75% |           0      0.00%     63.75% |           1      1.25%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           1      1.25%     66.25% |           2      2.50%     68.75% |           3      3.75%     72.50% |           5      6.25%     78.75% |           4      5.00%     83.75% |           5      6.25%     90.00% |           3      3.75%     93.75% |           1      1.25%     95.00% |           2      2.50%     97.50% |           2      2.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           80                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          27     38.57%     38.57% |           0      0.00%     38.57% |           0      0.00%     38.57% |          15     21.43%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |          12     17.14%     77.14% |           0      0.00%     77.14% |           0      0.00%     77.14% |          14     20.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           2      2.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           70                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          28     18.67%     18.67% |           2      1.33%     20.00% |           1      0.67%     20.67% |          18     12.00%     32.67% |           3      2.00%     34.67% |           3      2.00%     36.67% |           4      2.67%     39.33% |           3      2.00%     41.33% |           5      3.33%     44.67% |           3      2.00%     46.67% |           2      1.33%     48.00% |           2      1.33%     49.33% |           3      2.00%     51.33% |           3      2.00%     53.33% |           4      2.67%     56.00% |           3      2.00%     58.00% |          15     10.00%     68.00% |           1      0.67%     68.67% |           2      1.33%     70.00% |          14      9.33%     79.33% |           1      0.67%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1      0.67%     80.67% |           2      1.33%     82.00% |           3      2.00%     84.00% |           5      3.33%     87.33% |           4      2.67%     90.00% |           7      4.67%     94.67% |           3      2.00%     96.67% |           1      0.67%     97.33% |           2      1.33%     98.67% |           2      1.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total          150                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       49449     16.17%     16.17% |      152860     50.00%     66.17% |       12862      4.21%     70.38% |       13837      4.53%     74.91% |       12858      4.21%     79.11% |       13937      4.56%     83.67% |       12875      4.21%     87.88% |       13854      4.53%     92.42% |       11261      3.68%     96.10% |       11927      3.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       305720                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       49449     16.17%     16.17% |      152860     50.00%     66.17% |       12862      4.21%     70.38% |       13837      4.53%     74.91% |       12858      4.21%     79.11% |       13937      4.56%     83.67% |       12875      4.21%     87.88% |       13854      4.53%     92.42% |       11261      3.68%     96.10% |       11927      3.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       305720                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       49449     16.17%     16.17% |      152860     50.00%     66.17% |       12862      4.21%     70.38% |       13837      4.53%     74.91% |       12858      4.21%     79.11% |       13937      4.56%     83.67% |       12875      4.21%     87.88% |       13854      4.53%     92.42% |       11261      3.68%     96.10% |       11927      3.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       305720                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       49449     16.17%     16.17% |      152860     50.00%     66.17% |       12862      4.21%     70.38% |       13837      4.53%     74.91% |       12858      4.21%     79.11% |       13937      4.56%     83.67% |       12875      4.21%     87.88% |       13854      4.53%     92.42% |       11261      3.68%     96.10% |       11927      3.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       305720                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
