
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.038088                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 38088046500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5214256125000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  67737                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   121781                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              105906125                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4787676                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   359.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    24360891                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      43797399                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4969600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4969600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3965504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        3965504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        77650                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              77650                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        61961                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             61961                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    130476631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            130476631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    104114135                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           104114135                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    234590766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           234590766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      77650                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     61961                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    77650                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   61961                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4968128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                3965376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4969600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             3965504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             5351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             5223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             5044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             5208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             3794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             4185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             4056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        1                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      158                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  38087567000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                77650                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               61961                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  60054                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  10559                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1422                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    752                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    443                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     72                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  11529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  11958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                    260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        52979                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   168.602956                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   119.902023                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   174.811959                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        27186     51.31%     51.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        13161     24.84%     76.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7693     14.52%     90.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1930      3.64%     94.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1121      2.12%     96.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          584      1.10%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          411      0.78%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          318      0.60%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          575      1.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        52979                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11549                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.720928                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.566636                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11543     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        11549                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11549                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.364880                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.289669                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.117546                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11055     95.72%     95.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           409      3.54%     99.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           60      0.52%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           25      0.22%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        11549                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1867078112                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             3322584362                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 388135000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    24051.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               42801.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      130.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      104.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   130.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   104.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   53407                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  33192                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                68.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               53.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    272812.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   62.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8544895750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1271660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    28266266750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              200513880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              199969560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              109407375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              109110375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             305104800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             300245400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            199538640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            201890880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         2487366960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         2487366960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        15312260835                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        14875159185                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0         9417877500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1         9801300000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          28032069990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          27975042360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          736.081999                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          734.584535                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4882048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4882048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3886080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3886080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        76282                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              76282                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60720                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60720                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    128177957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            128177957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    102028861                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           102028861                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    230206818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           230206818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      76282                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60720                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    76282                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60720                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4881088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3886080                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4882048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3886080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             5299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             5160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             5093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             4123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             4097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             4038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        3                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      147                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  38087329000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                76282                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60720                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  59365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  10037                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   3313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1385                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    773                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    473                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                    270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                    160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     94                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     74                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                    46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                    38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  12306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  12395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  12155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                    229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        50899                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   172.226252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   121.769511                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   179.006096                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25737     50.56%     50.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12667     24.89%     75.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7534     14.80%     90.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1890      3.71%     93.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1132      2.22%     96.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          583      1.15%     97.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          431      0.85%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          314      0.62%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          611      1.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        50899                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11324                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.734988                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.906820                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11319     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11324                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11324                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.362063                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.282905                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.159136                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10844     95.76%     95.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           379      3.35%     99.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           77      0.68%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           24      0.21%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11324                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1819753846                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             3249760096                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 381335000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    23860.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               42610.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      128.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      102.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   128.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   102.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   52643                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  33434                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                69.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               55.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    278005.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   62.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8896851250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1271660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    27914486750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              193649400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              191079000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              105661875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              104259375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             300635400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             294075600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            195981120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            197387280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         2487366960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         2487366960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        15191074845                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        14470535565                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0         9524181000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        10156233000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          27998550600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          27900936780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          735.201828                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          732.638629                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4880896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4880896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3885440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3885440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        76264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              76264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60710                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60710                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    128147712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            128147712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    102012058                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           102012058                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    230159769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           230159769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      76264                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60710                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    76264                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60710                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4879936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3885376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4880896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3885440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             5296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             5159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             5099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             4120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             4111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             4044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      132                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  38087817000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                76264                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60710                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  59553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  10014                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   3259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                    260                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                    159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                    102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    58                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                    47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                    48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  12342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  12377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  12150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                    220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        51023                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   171.765047                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   121.556534                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   177.798381                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25900     50.76%     50.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12605     24.70%     75.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7541     14.78%     90.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1914      3.75%     94.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1130      2.21%     96.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          616      1.21%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          440      0.86%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          300      0.59%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          577      1.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        51023                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11338                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.724731                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.954509                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11333     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11338                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11338                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.354472                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.278835                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.124764                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10868     95.85%     95.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           378      3.33%     99.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           73      0.64%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           19      0.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11338                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1797587127                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             3227255877                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 381245000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    23575.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               42325.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      128.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      102.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   128.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   102.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   52576                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  33350                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                68.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               54.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    278066.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   62.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8887394000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1271660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    27924118500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              193883760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              191812320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              105789750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              104659500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             300526200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             294083400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            195948720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            197380800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         2487366960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         2487366960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        15079814550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        14595197130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0         9621777750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        10046880750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          27985107690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          27917380860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          734.848836                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          733.070427                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4858560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4858560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3879744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3879744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        75915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              75915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        60621                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             60621                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    127561281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            127561281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    101862510                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           101862510                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    229423790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           229423790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      75916                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     60621                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    75916                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   60621                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4858048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3879552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4858624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3879744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             5240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             5148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             5076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             4100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             4097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             4036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        6                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      152                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  38087304500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                75916                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               60621                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  58987                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  10176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   3280                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    435                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                    261                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                    164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                    107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                    44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  12369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  12350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  12058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                    250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        50598                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   172.662635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   121.936843                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   179.566064                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25593     50.58%     50.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12536     24.78%     75.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7474     14.77%     90.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1934      3.82%     93.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1151      2.27%     96.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          532      1.05%     97.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          453      0.90%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          307      0.61%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          618      1.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        50598                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11302                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.715537                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    30.978155                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11296     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11302                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11302                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.363475                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.287298                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.127672                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10814     95.68%     95.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           404      3.57%     99.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           60      0.53%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           24      0.21%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11302                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1828094098                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             3251350348                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 379535000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    24083.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               42833.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      127.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      101.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   127.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   101.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   52430                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  33490                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                69.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               55.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    278952.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   62.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8892733250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1271660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    27918959750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              191872800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              190632960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              104692500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              104016000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             298568400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             293381400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            195488640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            197283600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         2487366960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         2487366960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        15045020325                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        14562430965                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0         9652299000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        10075623000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          27975308625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          27910734885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          734.591527                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          732.895913                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1360                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1360                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               209                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              209                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          789                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3991                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              430148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              106648                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1817000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          382                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1564672                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          382                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7023516                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 28.186340                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                24.786011                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                20.858353                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     6981116     99.40%     99.40% |       36033      0.51%     99.91% |        3241      0.05%     99.96% |        1530      0.02%     99.98% |         589      0.01%     99.99% |         528      0.01%     99.99% |         457      0.01%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7023516                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     16500039                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.936121                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.704405                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.156999                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    15167368     91.92%     91.92% |     1275681      7.73%     99.65% |       39794      0.24%     99.90% |        7974      0.05%     99.94% |        4321      0.03%     99.97% |        2828      0.02%     99.99% |        1330      0.01%    100.00% |         381      0.00%    100.00% |         362      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      16500039                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            16500036                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              13.332788                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.074716                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             44.444455                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    16410819     99.46%     99.46% |       71358      0.43%     99.89% |       12947      0.08%     99.97% |        3696      0.02%     99.99% |         838      0.01%    100.00% |         294      0.00%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              16500036                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        15067736                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.001408                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.001214                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.037671                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    15046623     99.86%     99.86% |       21013      0.14%    100.00% |         100      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          15067736                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1432300                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        122.018478                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       101.660518                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev        99.096022                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1343083     93.77%     93.77% |       71358      4.98%     98.75% |       12947      0.90%     99.66% |        3696      0.26%     99.92% |         838      0.06%     99.97% |         294      0.02%     99.99% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1432300                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4751360                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2514944                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         557511                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       557511                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits      8566026                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       289059                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      8855085                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      5750058                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123100                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5873158                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       598134                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        15956                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       251678                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1318895                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        39907                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           38                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           38                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        90507                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       136040                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       226547                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        17659                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        97436                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       139794                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       237230                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        17272                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits       100456                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       105288                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       205744                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles         4208                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        97120                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       107157                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       204277                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles         3154                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        96058                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       136263                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       232321                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        18019                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        96023                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       143322                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       239345                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        17347                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        84174                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       124189                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       208363                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        16585                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        89878                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       128053                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       217931                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        17103                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        46186                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27004                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        73190                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        19325                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        25234                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        44559                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        20189                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        25252                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        45441                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        20314                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        25176                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        45490                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        18376                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        25543                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        43919                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        18516                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        25180                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        43696                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        17391                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        25199                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        42590                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        17671                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        25222                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        42893                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        19095                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        25549                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        44644                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        18441                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        25153                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        43594                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        18359                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        25147                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        43506                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        17959                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        25126                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        43085                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        17740                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        25281                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        43021                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17577                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        25528                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        43105                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        20421                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        25196                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        45617                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        17780                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        25087                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        42867                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        17390                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        25078                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        42468                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        18144                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        25538                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        43682                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18315                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        25194                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        43509                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        17543                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        25135                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        42678                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18777                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        25051                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        43828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        18330                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        25498                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        43828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19163                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        25132                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        44295                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        18798                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        25189                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        43987                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        20188                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        25117                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        45305                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        21981                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        25085                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        47066                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        18234                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        25461                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        43695                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        18270                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        25181                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        43451                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        17603                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        25227                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        42830                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        17164                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        25177                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        42341                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        17745                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        25481                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        43226                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        19641                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        25254                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        44895                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles         2733                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      8196400                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      8196400                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8389261                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8196399                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4248363                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4239571                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      8196399                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.107598                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      5677075                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      5677075                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5867696                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5677075                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3664629                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3646367                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      5677075                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.074526                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      4424064                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      4424064                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4632624                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4424064                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2045342                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2039592                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      4424064                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.058077                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3952633                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3952633                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4081389                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3952633                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1946356                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1942421                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3952633                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.051888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4125400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4125400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4316950                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4125400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2157692                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2151384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4125400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.054156                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3522516                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3522516                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3611579                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3522516                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1797344                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1794988                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3522516                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.046242                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4631685                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4631685                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4786378                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4631685                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2032870                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2029017                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4631685                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.060802                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3805460                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3805460                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3923794                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3805460                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1851560                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1848152                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3805460                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.049956                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2850392                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2850392                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2926975                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2850392                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1372419                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1370188                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2850392                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.037418                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      3416368                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      3416368                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3530734                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3416368                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1731950                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1728412                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      3416368                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.044848                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      1729186                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      1729186                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1756767                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1729186                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       819884                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       818926                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      1729186                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.022700                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1209376                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1209376                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1212768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1209376                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       579626                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       579332                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1209376                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.015876                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1508305                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1508305                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1514739                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1508305                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       785512                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       785145                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1508305                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.019800                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1219232                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1219232                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1223428                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1219232                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       587640                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       587312                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1219232                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.016005                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       740063                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       740063                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       743293                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       740063                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       356656                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       356491                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       740063                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.009715                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1008875                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1008875                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1013865                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1008875                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       466707                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       466603                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1008875                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.013244                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      1412451                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      1412451                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1419503                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1412451                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       610726                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       610543                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      1412451                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.018542                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1132858                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1132858                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1138633                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1132858                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       521635                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       521398                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1132858                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.014872                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1011467                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1011467                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1019366                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1011467                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       456515                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       456279                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1011467                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.013278                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       626870                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       626870                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       629665                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       626870                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       291577                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       291330                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       626870                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.008229                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       673983                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       673983                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       675213                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       673983                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       360670                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       360459                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       673983                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.008848                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       858296                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       858296                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       861682                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       858296                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       464021                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       463716                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       858296                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.011267                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       725326                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       725326                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       727100                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       725326                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       375370                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       375134                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       725326                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.009522                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       417459                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       417459                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       417459                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       417459                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       202156                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       201979                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       417459                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       628589                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       628589                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       629611                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       628589                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       312611                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       312401                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       628589                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.008252                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       827548                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       827548                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       830804                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       827548                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       443715                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       443400                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       827548                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.010864                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       715829                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       715829                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       717657                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       715829                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       365002                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       364773                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       715829                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.009397                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       428744                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       428744                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       428744                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       428744                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       205765                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       205568                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       428744                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005628                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3143184                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3143184                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3188816                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3143184                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1413914                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1413172                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3143184                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.041262                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      2423212                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      2423212                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2447027                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2423212                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1085132                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1084604                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      2423212                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.031811                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      2664174                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      2664174                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2696030                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2664174                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1166989                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1166394                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      2664174                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.034974                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      2450883                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      2450883                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2480981                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2450883                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1104507                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1103803                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      2450883                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.032174                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5289189     28.33%     28.33% |    11327423     60.67%     89.00% |     2054545     11.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     18671157                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5289191     28.33%     28.33% |    11327424     60.67%     89.00% |     2054545     11.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     18671160                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   141442755                       |   288073872                       |    49891940                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    19952224                       |    49486115                       |     2118492                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   26.741861                       |   25.431545                       |   24.283693                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    3.772265                       |    4.368700                       |    1.031125                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    25.676425                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     3.832480                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         29.508905                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.003871                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.080552      6.76%      6.76% |    0.080124      6.72%     13.48% |    0.080371      6.74%     20.22% |    0.079953      6.71%     26.92% |    0.181810     15.25%     42.17% |    0.182140     15.28%     57.45% |    0.181679     15.24%     72.68% |    0.182061     15.27%     87.95% |    0.035912      3.01%     90.96% |    0.035925      3.01%     93.98% |    0.035921      3.01%     96.99% |    0.035909      3.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.192357                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.029602                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.021981                       |    0.000001                       |    0.011990                       |    0.012433                       |    0.008715                       |    0.008807                       |    0.012067                       |    0.012635                       |    0.010945                       |    0.011182                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005037                       |    0.002713                       |    0.002594                       |    0.002663                       |    0.002615                       |    0.002615                       |    0.002563                       |    0.002533                       |    0.002578                       |    0.002717                       |    0.002779                       |    0.002781                       |    0.002632                       |    0.002641                       |    0.002552                       |    0.002572                       |    0.002682                       |    0.002629                       |    0.002629                       |    0.002602                       |    0.002570                       |    0.002794                       |    0.002580                       |    0.002544                       |    0.002612                       |    0.002631                       |    0.002568                       |    0.002642                       |    0.002615                       |    0.002664                       |    0.002745                       |    0.002893                       |    0.006095                       |    0.005984                       |    0.005982                       |    0.005955                       |    0.000322                       |           0                       |    0.004148                       |    0.011514                       |    0.000917                       |    0.000992                       |    0.000907                       |    0.000981                       |    0.000927                       |    0.001010                       |    0.000789                       |    0.000844                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002984                       |    0.000326                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002892                       |    0.002645                       |    0.009160                       |    0.002978                       |    0.000789                       |    0.004178                       |    0.014159                       |    0.006154                       |           0                       |    0.003000                       |    0.004955                       |           0                       |    0.011409                       |    0.016125                       |    0.005773                       |    0.009805                       |    0.002969                       |    0.000917                       |    0.014276                       |    0.015911                       |    0.014199                       |    0.009967                       |    0.003016                       |    0.000992                       |    0.016194                       |    0.011978                       |    0.009740                       |           0                       |    0.002969                       |    0.004853                       |           0                       |    0.009521                       |    0.008015                       |    0.006453                       |           0                       |    0.003094                       |           0                       |    0.005393                       |    0.004008                       |    0.003381                       |           0                       |    0.003004                       |           0                       |    0.002612                       |    0.002636                       |           0                       |    0.003129                       |           0                       |    0.001778                       |    0.002794                       |    0.003566                       |    0.009313                       |    0.003001                       |    0.000844                       |    0.008806                       |    0.004786                       |    0.014464                       |    0.003634                       |    0.007721                       |    0.002990                       |    0.000907                       |    0.004117                       |    0.012630                       |    0.021461                       |    0.004331                       |    0.031004                       |    0.004538                       |    0.004148                       |    0.010258                       |    0.017075                       |    0.028922                       |    0.011653                       |    0.000003                       |    0.003038                       |    0.011514                       |    0.010367                       |    0.020710                       |    0.016917                       |    0.011977                       |    0.007888                       |    0.002962                       |    0.000981                       |    0.005792                       |    0.014018                       |    0.009536                       |    0.005065                       |           0                       |    0.003007                       |           0                       |    0.002468                       |    0.005262                       |    0.004715                       |    0.004349                       |           0                       |    0.002989                       |           0                       |    0.001632                       |    0.002631                       |    0.003612                       |           0                       |    0.002964                       |           0                       |    0.001042                       |    0.002580                       |    0.002936                       |           0                       |    0.003072                       |           0                       |    0.008527                       |    0.003376                       |    0.004798                       |    0.002927                       |           0                       |    0.003058                       |    0.004852                       |           0                       |    0.004607                       |    0.011448                       |    0.008065                       |    0.002944                       |    0.009746                       |    0.002935                       |    0.000927                       |    0.020063                       |    0.014371                       |    0.009707                       |    0.003054                       |    0.010144                       |    0.002941                       |    0.001010                       |    0.007617                       |    0.016204                       |    0.009070                       |    0.002970                       |           0                       |    0.003140                       |    0.004838                       |           0                       |    0.005207                       |    0.009551                       |    0.006448                       |    0.002990                       |           0                       |    0.002974                       |           0                       |    0.001621                       |    0.005209                       |    0.003217                       |    0.002985                       |           0                       |    0.002961                       |           0                       |    0.000882                       |    0.002568                       |    0.002986                       |           0                       |    0.002936                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002544                       |           0                       |    0.002927                       |           0                       |    0.002259                       |           0                       |    0.004529                       |           0                       |    0.002944                       |           0                       |    0.002746                       |    0.001692                       |    0.005861                       |           0                       |    0.003054                       |           0                       |    0.009323                       |    0.003199                       |    0.002966                       |           0                       |    0.002970                       |           0                       |    0.002542                       |    0.006944                       |    0.002416                       |           0                       |    0.002990                       |           0                       |    0.003982                       |    0.006307                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002985                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005244                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002986                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002642                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.192357                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5463001                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5463001                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       265637                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3966091                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3377359                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     85.155863                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          448155                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29838                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              9699969                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              45199                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             5389300                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             20690                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          9745168                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         5409990                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  15089269                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   65889                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              15155158                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              5879969                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9500                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          5889469                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   5879969                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9500                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               5889469                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 72402871                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20560080                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               30180132                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5463001                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3825514                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              47091559                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          597208                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140383                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       152152                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       211836                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3334                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       309024                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           5879333                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        143523                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3825                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     68766972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.804802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.161690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         58611148     85.23%     85.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1049216      1.53%     86.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           600544      0.87%     87.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1006209      1.46%     89.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1440600      2.09%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           596348      0.87%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           689211      1.00%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           994088      1.45%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          3779608      5.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     68766972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.075453                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.416836                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         15642322                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      44483908                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6490187                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       1851944                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         298604                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       52921521                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         298604                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         16332137                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        27518318                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4835408                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           7462494                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      12320004                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       51994755                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         67653                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        4434826                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         394185                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents        7007070                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     59806285                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     121655328                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     75869553                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          164                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      50003134                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9803136                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       133713                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       135671                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          11308706                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      5284889                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      5576986                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1299316                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1160257                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           50756835                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       353296                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          53371406                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143079                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7095690                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11435753                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        48931                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     68766972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.776120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.437821                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     46639949     67.82%     67.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      8595608     12.50%     80.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5230834      7.61%     87.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3021920      4.39%     92.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2937858      4.27%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1185176      1.72%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       692190      1.01%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289578      0.42%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173859      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     68766972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           95299     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         601859     78.83%     91.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         66310      8.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       165387      0.31%      0.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      37868479     70.95%     71.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22630      0.04%     71.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52379      0.10%     71.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9825912     18.41%     89.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      5436619     10.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       53371406                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.737145                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              763468                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.014305                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    176416266                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     58212349                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     47809947                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           65                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          290                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       53969455                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              32                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1253219                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1110457                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2630                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         6969                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       396073                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5712634                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         298604                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4783330                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      17967779                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     51110131                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       100402                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       5284889                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      5576986                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       344175                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          90611                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      17714695                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         6969                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124446                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       190202                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       314648                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      52981202                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       9691073                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       324824                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             15084384                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          4395258                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            5393311                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.731756                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               47872476                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              47809967                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          30875269                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          49475688                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.660332                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.624049                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7285143                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       304365                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       279052                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     67615529                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.647742                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.598852                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     51362299     75.96%     75.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8066480     11.93%     87.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1862867      2.76%     90.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2153508      3.18%     93.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       749213      1.11%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1051646      1.56%     96.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       694015      1.03%     97.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       278522      0.41%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1396979      2.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     67615529                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     24360890                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       43797396                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                9355340                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               4174428                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4058522                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          43501460                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       373389                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        81885      0.19%      0.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     34287756     78.29%     78.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        21414      0.05%     78.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        51001      0.12%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      4174428      9.53%     88.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      5180912     11.83%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     43797396                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1396979                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            117243015                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           103321034                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84190                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3635899                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3772805                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            24360890                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              43797396                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.972095                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.972095                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.336463                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.336463                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         78379973                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        37775370                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          20788400                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         16422493                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        24255165                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         125430                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               4951288500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            4951288500.000006                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.68435e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3128849                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        29.755983                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       24.995682                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       27.213207                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3093508     98.87%     98.87% |       30771      0.98%     99.85% |        1797      0.06%     99.91% |        1209      0.04%     99.95% |         557      0.02%     99.97% |         528      0.02%     99.98% |         457      0.01%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3128849                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3058793                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        27.440338                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       25.017635                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       14.570911                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3032697     99.15%     99.15% |       19037      0.62%     99.77% |        3594      0.12%     99.89% |        1668      0.05%     99.94% |         932      0.03%     99.97% |         512      0.02%     99.99% |         223      0.01%    100.00% |          98      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3058793                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        835874                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        25.040759                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.212935                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.250897                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       16580      1.98%      1.98% |      100490     12.02%     14.01% |      301920     36.12%     50.13% |      183561     21.96%     72.09% |      179415     21.46%     93.55% |       44195      5.29%     98.84% |        9177      1.10%     99.94% |         482      0.06%     99.99% |          50      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          835874                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          4521603                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           19.580233                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.750722                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          60.869082                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     4468612     98.83%     98.83% |       40886      0.90%     99.73% |        8446      0.19%     99.92% |        2763      0.06%     99.98% |         651      0.01%     99.99% |         187      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            4521603                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3935393                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000722                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000623                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.026986                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3932564     99.93%     99.93% |        2816      0.07%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3935393                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       586210                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     130.883163                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    103.844353                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    119.768028                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      533219     90.96%     90.96% |       40886      6.97%     97.94% |        8446      1.44%     99.38% |        2763      0.47%     99.85% |         651      0.11%     99.96% |         187      0.03%     99.99% |          38      0.01%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        586210                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          5977190                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           17.202186                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.598326                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          48.204374                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     5943296     99.43%     99.43% |       28358      0.47%     99.91% |        4307      0.07%     99.98% |         909      0.02%     99.99% |         187      0.00%    100.00% |         107      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            5977190                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      5262059                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.003470                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.002993                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.059088                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5243885     99.65%     99.65% |       18087      0.34%    100.00% |          87      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        5262059                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       715131                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     121.678822                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    105.729397                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     83.801849                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      681237     95.26%     95.26% |       28358      3.97%     99.23% |        4307      0.60%     99.83% |         909      0.13%     99.96% |         187      0.03%     99.98% |         107      0.01%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        715131                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      5873156                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.690566                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.208869                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      13.965492                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     5860493     99.78%     99.78% |       10608      0.18%     99.97% |        1816      0.03%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        5873156                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      5750058                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000590                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5750056    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      5750058                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123098                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.658963                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.431416                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    54.183673                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110435     89.71%     89.71% |       10608      8.62%     98.33% |        1816      1.48%     99.81% |          46      0.04%     99.84% |          80      0.06%     99.91% |          91      0.07%     99.98% |          21      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123098                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       126781                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.532674                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.668121                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    27.684445                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      125496     98.99%     98.99% |        1009      0.80%     99.78% |         246      0.19%     99.98% |           6      0.00%     99.98% |          11      0.01%     99.99% |          11      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       126781                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       118948                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000908                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000784                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.030119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      118840     99.91%     99.91% |         108      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       118948                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         7833                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    92.535299                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.402406                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    69.888588                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        6548     83.60%     83.60% |        1009     12.88%     96.48% |         246      3.14%     99.62% |           6      0.08%     99.69% |          11      0.14%     99.83% |          11      0.14%     99.97% |           2      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         7833                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.958652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.428864                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    32.524834                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         648     99.23%     99.23% |           4      0.61%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    95.321429                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    67.676785                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev   130.711742                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |          23     82.14%     82.14% |           4     14.29%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        11079                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       286447                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       304878                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    17361                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    24534                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                   181356                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    18331                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    24539                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                   191062                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    17500                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    24534                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                   160703                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    17724                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   26068                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                  157565                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   17759                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   24535                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                  186706                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   20164                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   26071                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                  189731                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   16839                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   22999                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                  165042                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   17114                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   23002                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                  174458                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    491                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    175                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   2816                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    545                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    171                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   2768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    468                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                    175                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   2551                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                   185                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  2418                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   469                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   175                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  2863                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                   612                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   182                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                  2771                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   509                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                   166                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                  2994                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   490                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                   165                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  2888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                      596                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    66284                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                      673                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    68444                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                      581                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    53981                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                      522                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   50527                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                     607                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   68290                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                    1051                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                   67997                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                     666                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                       8                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                   61671                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                     575                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                       8                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                   64542                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                17852                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                24709                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               184172                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                18876                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                24710                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               193830                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                17968                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                24709                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               163254                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                18228                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               26253                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses              159983                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               18228                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               24710                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses              189569                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               20776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               26253                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses              192502                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               17348                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               23165                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses              168036                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               17604                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               23167                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses              177346                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  528429                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  418825                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140145908026648                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles            140145906249226                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  367626                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 2195921                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  533369                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                31239738                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles               377303552                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles               375282961                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles              375190851                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles              377122916                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles              375335988                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles              375212036                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles              377122918                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles              375316783                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles              375191469                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles              376981593                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles              375415402                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles              375267920                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles              377224438                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles              375381426                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles              375234170                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles              377166916                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   11692                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   20485                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   92100                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   12364                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   20486                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   96930                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   11764                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   20485                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   81638                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   11936                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  21765                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  80007                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  11936                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  20486                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  94797                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  13604                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  21765                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                  96266                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                  11364                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  19205                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                  84028                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  11532                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                  19207                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  88686                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   6160                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  92072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   6512                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  96900                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   6204                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  81616                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   6292                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  4488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 79976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  6292                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 94772                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                  7172                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  4488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                 96236                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  5984                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  3960                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                 84008                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  6072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  3960                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 88660                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                11518                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                20390                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                89284                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                12164                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                20395                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                94162                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                11600                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                20390                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                79087                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                11754                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               21665                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               77589                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               11776                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               20391                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               91934                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               13374                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               21668                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits               93495                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits               11175                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               19114                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits               81034                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               11353                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits               19117                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               85798                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                174                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                 95                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               2816                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                200                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 91                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               2768                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                164                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                 95                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               2551                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                182                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses               100                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              2418                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               160                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses                95                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              2863                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses               230                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses                97                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses              2771                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               189                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses                91                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses              2994                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               179                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses                90                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses              2888                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                5843                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               92072                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                6167                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               96900                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                5900                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               81616                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                5970                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               4403                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              79976                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               5983                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              94772                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               6790                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               4403                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits              96236                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               5664                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               3885                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits              84008                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               5761                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               3885                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits              88660                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               317                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               345                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               304                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               322                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses               85                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              309                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses               80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses              382                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses               85                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses              320                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses               75                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              311                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses               75                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     140                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     291                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     148                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     304                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     141                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                      16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     271                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     143                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                     17                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    270                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    143                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                     16                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    304                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    163                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                     17                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                    301                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    136                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                     15                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                    277                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                    138                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                     15                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    286                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.task_cycles               2124090                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.task_cycles               2638318                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.task_cycles               4912322                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.task_cycles               2126503                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.task_cycles               2567081                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.task_cycles               4907602                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.task_cycles               2133989                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.task_cycles               2604572                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.task_cycles               4920421                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.task_cycles               2126053                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.task_cycles              2716233                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.task_cycles              4912399                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.task_cycles              2129147                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.task_cycles              2578472                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.task_cycles              4893898                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.task_cycles              2127351                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.task_cycles              2692636                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.task_cycles              4888477                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.task_cycles              2135455                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.task_cycles              2597931                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.task_cycles              4889664                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.task_cycles              2135380                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.task_cycles              2588771                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.task_cycles              4894733                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_actions                  2240                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_actions                   512                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_actions                  2328                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_actions                  2368                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_actions                   512                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_actions                  2432                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_actions                  2256                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_actions                   512                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_actions                  2168                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_actions                  2288                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_actions                  544                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_actions                 2160                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_actions                 2288                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_actions                  512                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_actions                 2432                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_actions                 2608                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_actions                  544                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_actions                 2408                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_actions                 2176                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_actions                  480                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_actions                 2216                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_actions                 2208                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_actions                  480                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_actions                 2288                       # Number of actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               1431677                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               2444533                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               4509873                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1457125                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2379989                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               4494146                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               1398058                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2412187                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               4545841                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               1499245                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              2517485                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              4568891                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1466169                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              2388535                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              4480728                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1542234                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              2494791                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              4476035                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              1393473                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              2402669                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles              4499024                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              1311903                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              2396360                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              4494057                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             124870                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             193224                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             132937                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             201867                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             126494                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             179949                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             126959                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            143616                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            179280                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            127021                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            201856                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            145924                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            143616                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            199864                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            122014                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            126720                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            183928                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            123683                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            126720                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            189904                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2262147                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              1447232                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3210172                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2234136                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              1395329                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              3184039                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2323975                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              1436567                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              3313558                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2155102                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             1482125                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             3181348                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             2250460                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             1425350                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             3226223                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2123625                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles             1478870                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles             3189381                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles             2341141                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles             1466316                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles             3293461                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles             2451822                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles             1434416                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles             3241333                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          1431677                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          2444533                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          4509873                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1457125                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2379989                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          4494146                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          1398058                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2412187                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          4545841                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          1499245                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         2517485                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         4568891                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1466169                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         2388535                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         4480728                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1542234                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         2494791                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         4476035                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         1393473                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         2402669                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time         4499024                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         1311903                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         2396360                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         4494057                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        111970                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        193163                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        118187                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        201772                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        112170                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        179780                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        114884                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       143616                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       179242                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       114794                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       201777                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       131715                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       143616                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       199774                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       108094                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       126720                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time       183868                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       109242                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       126720                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       189847                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         1669786                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1447232                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         3189017                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1655147                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         1395329                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         3156103                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         1691636                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1436567                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         3267395                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         1642715                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        1482125                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        3169082                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        1679652                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        1425350                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        3202205                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        1632739                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time        1478870                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time        3161080                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time        1693187                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time        1466316                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time        3265789                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time        1715989                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time        1434416                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time        3204981                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2112064                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2621422                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            4889099                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2112959                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2550185                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            4883441                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2122013                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2587676                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            4899055                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2113479                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2698281                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           4890498                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2116577                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2561576                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           4869954                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2112263                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           2674684                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           4864136                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           2123844                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           2582091                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time           4867649                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           2124358                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           2572931                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           4872734                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles              3044                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles             38363                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles              9180                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles              4406                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles              4563                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles             23461                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles              9079                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles            18175                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             9826                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles             8312                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles             1230                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles            72784                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles             9864                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles            13547                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles             4392                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles             1224                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          66368479                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          73452663                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          68515242                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles          66368609                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles          73452659                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles          68514319                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          66368482                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles          73452665                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles          68514868                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles          66368699                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles         73452661                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         68514840                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles         66368595                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles         73452670                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles         68514472                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles         66368481                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         73452666                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles         68516036                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles         66368562                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles         73452682                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles         68514682                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         66368495                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles         73452678                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles         68514214                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2081839                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2638666                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          4210651                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2083619                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2567248                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          4202591                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2090501                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2604928                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          4225563                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2085292                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2716359                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         4220112                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2086439                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2578833                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         4189849                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2084770                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         2692878                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         4184446                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         2094452                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2598496                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         4198147                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         2095412                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         2589206                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         4188171                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               348                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               861                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               365                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               164                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               866                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               332                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               840                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               365                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              178                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              847                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              333                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              881                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              391                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              175                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              863                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              347                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              158                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0              864                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              366                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              157                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              873                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              5390                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             27743                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              5674                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             30358                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              5455                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1             29346                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              5587                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             4403                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1            31020                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             5512                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1            28464                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             5960                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             4403                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1            30147                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             5160                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             3885                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1            24467                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             5310                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             3885                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1            26133                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              5714                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              5693                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             19320                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              6431                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              5886                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             21248                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              5221                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              5655                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             17465                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              6390                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             6280                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            19221                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             5582                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             5674                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2            19368                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             7305                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2             6265                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2            20951                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             4403                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             5072                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2            15303                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2             4490                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             5196                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2            17422                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles             219                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles             978                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles            7647                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles             181                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles             276                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles            5261                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles             384                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles             993                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles            2921                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles             243                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles            515                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles           2693                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles            242                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles           1005                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles           7470                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles            132                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles            759                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles           3724                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles            633                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles           1363                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles           4574                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles            172                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles           1344                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles           8380                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       77624     25.36%     25.36% |       76282     24.92%     50.28% |       76264     24.92%     75.20% |       75916     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       306086                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56051     25.44%     25.44% |       54803     24.87%     50.31% |       54790     24.87%     75.18% |       54698     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       220342                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       77650     25.37%     25.37% |       76282     24.92%     50.29% |       76264     24.91%     75.20% |       75915     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       306111                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       61961     25.39%     25.39% |       60720     24.88%     50.28% |       60710     24.88%     75.16% |       60621     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       244012                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           81                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6112     25.00%     25.00% |        6112     25.00%     50.00% |        6112     25.00%     75.00% |        6112     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24448                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       13381     25.26%     25.26% |       13287     25.08%     50.34% |       13282     25.07%     75.41% |       13025     24.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        52975                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       77624     25.36%     25.36% |       76282     24.92%     50.28% |       76264     24.92%     75.20% |       75916     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       306086                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       55794     25.42%     25.42% |       54608     24.88%     50.29% |       54598     24.87%     75.17% |       54509     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       219509                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       13381     25.26%     25.26% |       13287     25.08%     50.34% |       13282     25.07%     75.41% |       13025     24.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        52975                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       77624     25.36%     25.36% |       76282     24.92%     50.28% |       76264     24.92%     75.20% |       75915     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       306085                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       55794     25.42%     25.42% |       54608     24.88%     50.29% |       54598     24.87%     75.17% |       54509     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       219509                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          778                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3549280     78.47%     78.47% |          38      0.00%     78.47% |      124186      2.75%     81.22% |      129687      2.87%     84.08% |      113802      2.52%     86.60% |      113614      2.51%     89.11% |      127131      2.81%     91.92% |      131542      2.91%     94.83% |      114514      2.53%     97.36% |      119336      2.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      4523130                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     5873214    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      5873214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     5307460     86.93%     86.93% |           0      0.00%     86.93% |      102361      1.68%     88.61% |      107543      1.76%     90.37% |       91942      1.51%     91.87% |       90663      1.48%     93.36% |      105190      1.72%     95.08% |      107803      1.77%     96.85% |       93849      1.54%     98.39% |       98595      1.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      6105406                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13422      4.01%      4.01% |          38      0.01%      4.03% |       42576     12.74%     16.76% |       40998     12.26%     29.03% |       35478     10.61%     39.64% |       35787     10.70%     50.34% |       40960     12.25%     62.59% |       39826     11.91%     74.51% |       43375     12.97%     87.48% |       41851     12.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       334311                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      410346     56.02%     56.02% |           0      0.00%     56.02% |       40338      5.51%     61.53% |       41844      5.71%     67.25% |       38578      5.27%     72.51% |       39488      5.39%     77.90% |       41097      5.61%     83.51% |       44565      6.08%     89.60% |       37771      5.16%     94.76% |       38409      5.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       732436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       37992     14.20%     14.20% |       40088     14.99%     29.19% |       21796      8.15%     37.34% |       22635      8.46%     45.80% |       38394     14.35%     60.15% |       40676     15.21%     75.36% |       31425     11.75%     87.11% |       34487     12.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       267493                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          30      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       32474     13.87%     13.89% |       34350     14.68%     28.56% |       20378      8.71%     37.27% |       20336      8.69%     45.96% |       32926     14.07%     60.02% |       34935     14.93%     74.95% |       29370     12.55%     87.49% |       29271     12.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       234070                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4260     13.82%     13.82% |        3788     12.29%     26.11% |        2951      9.57%     35.69% |        3683     11.95%     47.63% |        4195     13.61%     61.25% |        4356     14.13%     75.38% |        3685     11.96%     87.33% |        3904     12.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        30822                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      141774     54.19%     54.19% |          11      0.00%     54.20% |       15976      6.11%     60.30% |       16174      6.18%     66.49% |       12425      4.75%     71.24% |       13196      5.04%     76.28% |       16433      6.28%     82.56% |       16503      6.31%     88.87% |       14158      5.41%     94.28% |       14959      5.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       261609                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27      0.01%      0.01% |       30735     13.13%     13.14% |       30737     13.13%     26.27% |       26725     11.42%     37.69% |       26345     11.26%     48.95% |       30612     13.08%     62.02% |       30400     12.99%     75.01% |       28059     11.99%     87.00% |       30430     13.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       234070                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      270363     38.33%     38.33% |           0      0.00%     38.33% |       57193      8.11%     46.44% |       57966      8.22%     54.66% |       46421      6.58%     61.24% |       47266      6.70%     67.94% |       55703      7.90%     75.84% |       59129      8.38%     84.23% |       56871      8.06%     92.29% |       54386      7.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       705298                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       38315     13.91%     13.91% |       43261     15.71%     29.63% |       21818      7.92%     37.55% |       22624      8.22%     45.77% |       39286     14.27%     60.03% |       44951     16.32%     76.36% |       30999     11.26%     87.62% |       34102     12.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       275356                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       32136     13.89%     13.90% |       34917     15.09%     28.99% |       19717      8.52%     37.52% |       20350      8.80%     46.32% |       33515     14.49%     60.80% |       37290     16.12%     76.92% |       25101     10.85%     87.78% |       28278     12.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       231323                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      287591     60.18%     60.18% |           0      0.00%     60.18% |       22581      4.73%     64.91% |       22339      4.67%     69.58% |       26345      5.51%     75.09% |       26666      5.58%     80.67% |       22582      4.73%     85.40% |       23091      4.83%     90.23% |       23666      4.95%     95.18% |       23016      4.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       477877                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      141787     36.12%     36.12% |          38      0.01%     36.13% |       31558      8.04%     44.17% |       32768      8.35%     52.52% |       29761      7.58%     60.11% |       30340      7.73%     67.84% |       32206      8.21%     76.04% |       34677      8.84%     84.88% |       29396      7.49%     92.37% |       29961      7.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       392492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122584    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      146861     66.04%     66.04% |           0      0.00%     66.04% |        9292      4.18%     70.22% |        9588      4.31%     74.53% |        9329      4.20%     78.73% |        9660      4.34%     83.07% |        9403      4.23%     87.30% |       10400      4.68%     91.97% |        8887      4.00%     95.97% |        8960      4.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       222380                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11168     43.00%     43.00% |           0      0.00%     43.00% |        1876      7.22%     50.23% |        1841      7.09%     57.32% |        1830      7.05%     64.36% |        1855      7.14%     71.51% |        1866      7.19%     78.69% |        1871      7.20%     85.90% |        1808      6.96%     92.86% |        1855      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        25970                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         357      0.18%      0.18% |           0      0.00%      0.18% |       26905     13.89%     14.07% |       25912     13.38%     27.45% |       18921      9.77%     37.22% |       19864     10.25%     47.47% |       26079     13.46%     60.93% |       25934     13.39%     74.32% |       23978     12.38%     86.70% |       25769     13.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       193719                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         516    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          516                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          35      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       39740     13.46%     13.47% |       39663     13.44%     26.91% |       30208     10.23%     37.14% |       30223     10.24%     47.38% |       38667     13.10%     60.48% |       38858     13.16%     73.64% |       39597     13.41%     87.06% |       38213     12.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       295204                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         577      0.72%      0.72% |           0      0.00%      0.72% |       11376     14.10%     14.82% |       12935     16.03%     30.85% |        6012      7.45%     38.30% |        6077      7.53%     45.84% |       12151     15.06%     60.90% |       13320     16.51%     77.41% |        8502     10.54%     87.95% |        9723     12.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        80673                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        6870      4.03%      4.03% |           0      0.00%      4.03% |       21010     12.33%     16.36% |       24376     14.30%     30.66% |       15784      9.26%     39.92% |       15146      8.89%     48.80% |       21919     12.86%     61.66% |       23430     13.75%     75.41% |       21376     12.54%     87.95% |       20535     12.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       170446                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     5750058    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      5750058                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       28545     13.90%     13.91% |       31863     15.51%     29.42% |       17069      8.31%     37.73% |       17070      8.31%     46.04% |       29908     14.56%     60.60% |       33453     16.29%     76.88% |       22331     10.87%     87.76% |       25150     12.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       205408                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1330      0.44%      0.44% |          27      0.01%      0.45% |       39998     13.23%     13.68% |       38400     12.70%     26.38% |       33335     11.03%     37.41% |       33509     11.08%     48.49% |       38481     12.73%     61.22% |       37398     12.37%     73.59% |       40623     13.44%     87.03% |       39205     12.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       302306                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122041     70.24%     70.24% |           0      0.00%     70.24% |        6381      3.67%     73.91% |        6570      3.78%     77.69% |        6221      3.58%     81.27% |        6745      3.88%     85.16% |        6364      3.66%     88.82% |        8154      4.69%     93.51% |        5603      3.22%     96.74% |        5670      3.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       173749                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1387369     90.48%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |       18623      1.21%     91.70% |       18858      1.23%     92.93% |       17248      1.12%     94.05% |       18260      1.19%     95.24% |       19068      1.24%     96.48% |       20122      1.31%     97.80% |       16451      1.07%     98.87% |       17334      1.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1533333                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       21203     25.47%     25.47% |           0      0.00%     25.47% |        8595     10.33%     35.80% |        8429     10.13%     45.93% |        6208      7.46%     53.38% |        6113      7.34%     60.73% |        9120     10.96%     71.69% |        8574     10.30%     81.99% |        7218      8.67%     90.66% |        7775      9.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        83235                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         606     98.22%     98.22% |          11      1.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          617                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      119849     77.67%     77.67% |           0      0.00%     77.67% |        4295      2.78%     80.45% |        4332      2.81%     83.26% |        4289      2.78%     86.04% |        4614      2.99%     89.03% |        4294      2.78%     91.81% |        4610      2.99%     94.80% |        4008      2.60%     97.40% |        4015      2.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       154306                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2767     13.28%     13.28% |        3126     15.00%     28.28% |        1609      7.72%     36.00% |        2169     10.41%     46.41% |        2704     12.98%     59.39% |        3000     14.40%     73.78% |        2613     12.54%     86.32% |        2850     13.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        20838                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2011371     90.13%     90.13% |           0      0.00%     90.13% |       26090      1.17%     91.30% |       27773      1.24%     92.54% |       32088      1.44%     93.98% |       30004      1.34%     95.33% |       27859      1.25%     96.58% |       27379      1.23%     97.80% |       23313      1.04%     98.85% |       25737      1.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2231614                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     5139213     96.98%     96.98% |           0      0.00%     96.98% |       16189      0.31%     97.29% |       18000      0.34%     97.63% |       29128      0.55%     98.18% |       27597      0.52%     98.70% |       18092      0.34%     99.04% |       16518      0.31%     99.35% |       15816      0.30%     99.65% |       18497      0.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      5299050                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         318    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      167742     51.84%     51.84% |           0      0.00%     51.84% |       18286      5.65%     57.49% |       18007      5.57%     63.06% |       22056      6.82%     69.87% |       22052      6.82%     76.69% |       18288      5.65%     82.34% |       18481      5.71%     88.05% |       19658      6.08%     94.13% |       19001      5.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       323571                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       37990     14.20%     14.20% |       40087     14.99%     29.19% |       21796      8.15%     37.34% |       22635      8.46%     45.80% |       38391     14.35%     60.15% |       40676     15.21%     75.36% |       31425     11.75%     87.11% |       34485     12.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       267485                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          30      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       29703     13.93%     13.94% |       31224     14.64%     28.59% |       18769      8.80%     37.39% |       18167      8.52%     45.91% |       30222     14.17%     60.08% |       31935     14.98%     75.06% |       26757     12.55%     87.61% |       26419     12.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total       213226                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          33     17.10%     17.10% |          23     11.92%     29.02% |          10      5.18%     34.20% |          20     10.36%     44.56% |          25     12.95%     57.51% |          38     19.69%     77.20% |          29     15.03%     92.23% |          15      7.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total          193                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         127    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      141774     54.19%     54.19% |          11      0.00%     54.20% |       15976      6.11%     60.30% |       16174      6.18%     66.49% |       12425      4.75%     71.24% |       13196      5.04%     76.28% |       16433      6.28%     82.56% |       16503      6.31%     88.87% |       14158      5.41%     94.28% |       14959      5.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       261609                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27      0.01%      0.01% |       30735     13.13%     13.14% |       30737     13.13%     26.27% |       26725     11.42%     37.69% |       26345     11.26%     48.95% |       30612     13.08%     62.02% |       30400     12.99%     75.01% |       28059     11.99%     87.00% |       30430     13.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       234070                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123467     57.85%     57.85% |           0      0.00%     57.85% |       11719      5.49%     63.34% |       11746      5.50%     68.84% |        9522      4.46%     73.30% |       10643      4.99%     78.29% |       11215      5.25%     83.54% |       13670      6.40%     89.95% |       11128      5.21%     95.16% |       10326      4.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       213436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4260     13.82%     13.82% |        3788     12.29%     26.11% |        2951      9.57%     35.69% |        3683     11.95%     47.63% |        4195     13.61%     61.25% |        4356     14.13%     75.38% |        3685     11.96%     87.33% |        3904     12.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total        30822                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      146896     29.88%     29.88% |           0      0.00%     29.88% |       45441      9.24%     39.12% |       46197      9.40%     48.52% |       36889      7.50%     56.02% |       36603      7.44%     63.46% |       44463      9.04%     72.51% |       45421      9.24%     81.74% |       45714      9.30%     91.04% |       44045      8.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       491669                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2496     15.27%     15.27% |        2226     13.62%     28.90% |        1199      7.34%     36.23% |        1458      8.92%     45.16% |        1624      9.94%     55.09% |        1662     10.17%     65.27% |        3679     22.51%     87.78% |        1997     12.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        16341                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         669     13.63%     13.63% |         734     14.96%     28.59% |         303      6.17%     34.77% |         403      8.21%     42.98% |         588     11.98%     54.96% |         519     10.58%     65.54% |         915     18.65%     84.19% |         776     15.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total         4907                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       35819     13.83%     13.83% |       41035     15.84%     29.67% |       20619      7.96%     37.63% |       21166      8.17%     45.80% |       37662     14.54%     60.34% |       43289     16.71%     77.06% |       27320     10.55%     87.60% |       32105     12.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total       259015                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       32136     13.89%     13.90% |       34917     15.09%     28.99% |       19717      8.52%     37.52% |       20350      8.80%     46.32% |       33515     14.49%     60.80% |       37290     16.12%     76.92% |       25101     10.85%     87.78% |       28278     12.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total       231323                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          33     17.10%     17.10% |          23     11.92%     29.02% |          10      5.18%     34.20% |          20     10.36%     44.56% |          25     12.95%     57.51% |          38     19.69%     77.20% |          29     15.03%     92.23% |          15      7.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total          193                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1526    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1526                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         129    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           3     37.50%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      287591     60.18%     60.18% |           0      0.00%     60.18% |       22575      4.72%     64.91% |       22338      4.67%     69.58% |       26345      5.51%     75.09% |       26666      5.58%     80.67% |       22579      4.72%     85.40% |       23091      4.83%     90.23% |       23666      4.95%     95.18% |       23012      4.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       477863                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     42.86%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           3     21.43%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           4     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3826      3.11%      3.11% |        3774      3.07%      6.17% |        3474      2.82%      9.00% |        3489      2.83%     11.83% |        3536      2.87%     14.70% |        4041      3.28%     17.98% |        3712      3.02%     21.00% |        3294      2.68%     23.68% |        3535      2.87%     26.55% |        5127      4.16%     30.71% |        3879      3.15%     33.86% |        3782      3.07%     36.93% |        3542      2.88%     39.81% |        4269      3.47%     43.28% |        3862      3.14%     46.42% |        3768      3.06%     49.48% |        4082      3.32%     52.79% |        4108      3.34%     56.13% |        3604      2.93%     59.06% |        3285      2.67%     61.73% |        3063      2.49%     64.21% |        3645      2.96%     67.18% |        3495      2.84%     70.01% |        3386      2.75%     72.76% |        3604      2.93%     75.69% |        3630      2.95%     78.64% |        3246      2.64%     81.28% |        4532      3.68%     84.96% |        3913      3.18%     88.14% |        5150      4.18%     92.32% |        5002      4.06%     96.38% |        4451      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123106                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       44915      7.51%      7.51% |       18460      3.09%     10.60% |       17534      2.93%     13.53% |       18314      3.06%     16.59% |       17785      2.97%     19.57% |       17422      2.91%     22.48% |       17267      2.89%     25.37% |       17196      2.88%     28.24% |       17382      2.91%     31.15% |       17778      2.97%     34.12% |       19590      3.28%     37.40% |       19301      3.23%     40.63% |       18192      3.04%     43.67% |       17719      2.96%     46.63% |       17020      2.85%     49.48% |       17254      2.89%     52.36% |       18301      3.06%     55.42% |       17613      2.95%     58.37% |       17889      2.99%     61.36% |       17772      2.97%     64.33% |       17745      2.97%     67.30% |       18941      3.17%     70.47% |       17452      2.92%     73.38% |       17172      2.87%     76.26% |       17548      2.93%     79.19% |       17850      2.98%     82.17% |       17414      2.91%     85.09% |       16963      2.84%     87.92% |       17473      2.92%     90.84% |       17000      2.84%     93.69% |       17618      2.95%     96.63% |       20130      3.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       598010                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       18628      3.50%      3.50% |       16781      3.15%      6.65% |       16337      3.07%      9.71% |       16525      3.10%     12.82% |       16583      3.11%     15.93% |       16388      3.08%     19.00% |       16196      3.04%     22.04% |       16189      3.04%     25.08% |       16508      3.10%     28.18% |       16315      3.06%     31.25% |       16350      3.07%     34.31% |       16900      3.17%     37.49% |       16545      3.11%     40.59% |       16273      3.05%     43.65% |       16194      3.04%     46.69% |       16387      3.08%     49.76% |       16545      3.11%     52.87% |       16373      3.07%     55.94% |       16581      3.11%     59.05% |       16674      3.13%     62.18% |       16638      3.12%     65.31% |       17461      3.28%     68.59% |       16385      3.08%     71.66% |       16450      3.09%     74.75% |       17059      3.20%     77.95% |       16653      3.13%     81.08% |       16633      3.12%     84.20% |       17033      3.20%     87.40% |       16619      3.12%     90.52% |       16579      3.11%     93.63% |       17037      3.20%     96.83% |       16903      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       532722                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |        6497      3.15%      3.15% |        6272      3.04%      6.19% |        6368      3.09%      9.28% |        6395      3.10%     12.39% |        6487      3.15%     15.53% |        6368      3.09%     18.62% |        6418      3.11%     21.74% |        6455      3.13%     24.87% |        6548      3.18%     28.04% |        6376      3.09%     31.14% |        6363      3.09%     34.22% |        6443      3.13%     37.35% |        6562      3.18%     40.53% |        6394      3.10%     43.64% |        6443      3.13%     46.76% |        6420      3.11%     49.88% |        6580      3.19%     53.07% |        6368      3.09%     56.16% |        6419      3.11%     59.27% |        6443      3.13%     62.40% |        6590      3.20%     65.59% |        6438      3.12%     68.72% |        6452      3.13%     71.85% |        6474      3.14%     74.99% |        6548      3.18%     78.17% |        6396      3.10%     81.27% |        6436      3.12%     84.39% |        6456      3.13%     87.52% |        6516      3.16%     90.68% |        6365      3.09%     93.77% |        6427      3.12%     96.89% |        6411      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total       206128                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       42871      8.97%      8.97% |       14998      3.14%     12.11% |       13673      2.86%     14.97% |       14588      3.05%     18.02% |       13818      2.89%     20.91% |       13449      2.81%     23.73% |       13067      2.73%     26.46% |       13106      2.74%     29.21% |       13316      2.79%     31.99% |       13873      2.90%     34.90% |       15627      3.27%     38.17% |       15918      3.33%     41.50% |       14014      2.93%     44.43% |       13646      2.86%     47.28% |       12812      2.68%     49.97% |       13200      2.76%     52.73% |       14159      2.96%     55.69% |       13671      2.86%     58.55% |       14015      2.93%     61.48% |       14050      2.94%     64.42% |       13694      2.87%     67.29% |       16132      3.38%     70.67% |       13606      2.85%     73.51% |       13293      2.78%     76.29% |       13746      2.88%     79.17% |       14129      2.96%     82.13% |       13663      2.86%     84.99% |       13631      2.85%     87.84% |       13529      2.83%     90.67% |       13331      2.79%     93.46% |       14449      3.02%     96.48% |       16807      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       477881                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           1     12.50%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     12.50%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1     12.50%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        8042      3.67%      3.67% |        6813      3.11%      6.77% |        6839      3.12%      9.89% |        6805      3.10%     12.99% |        6792      3.10%     16.09% |        6804      3.10%     19.19% |        6790      3.10%     22.29% |        6800      3.10%     25.39% |        6816      3.11%     28.50% |        6831      3.11%     31.61% |        6852      3.12%     34.74% |        6833      3.12%     37.85% |        6815      3.11%     40.96% |        6845      3.12%     44.08% |        6817      3.11%     47.19% |        6812      3.11%     50.30% |        6849      3.12%     53.42% |        6827      3.11%     56.53% |        6833      3.12%     59.65% |        6834      3.12%     62.76% |        6824      3.11%     65.88% |        6852      3.12%     69.00% |        6825      3.11%     72.11% |        6779      3.09%     75.20% |        6807      3.10%     78.31% |        6814      3.11%     81.41% |        6799      3.10%     84.51% |        6788      3.10%     87.61% |        6795      3.10%     90.71% |        6778      3.09%     93.80% |        6792      3.10%     96.89% |        6810      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       219312                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        1818      3.42%      3.42% |        1699      3.20%      6.61% |        1730      3.25%      9.87% |        1674      3.15%     13.02% |        1677      3.15%     16.17% |        1667      3.14%     19.30% |        1670      3.14%     22.45% |        1655      3.11%     25.56% |        1671      3.14%     28.70% |        1704      3.20%     31.91% |        1690      3.18%     35.08% |        1644      3.09%     38.18% |        1690      3.18%     41.35% |        1684      3.17%     44.52% |        1700      3.20%     47.72% |        1645      3.09%     50.81% |        1659      3.12%     53.93% |        1642      3.09%     57.02% |        1633      3.07%     60.09% |        1622      3.05%     63.14% |        1627      3.06%     66.20% |        1640      3.08%     69.29% |        1625      3.06%     72.34% |        1614      3.04%     75.38% |        1653      3.11%     78.49% |        1675      3.15%     81.64% |        1665      3.13%     84.77% |        1619      3.04%     87.81% |        1640      3.08%     90.90% |        1620      3.05%     93.94% |        1620      3.05%     96.99% |        1601      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total        53173                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10976      3.59%      3.59% |        9562      3.12%      6.71% |        9617      3.14%      9.85% |        9527      3.11%     12.96% |        9517      3.11%     16.07% |        9519      3.11%     19.18% |        9508      3.11%     22.29% |        9503      3.10%     25.39% |        9535      3.12%     28.51% |        9583      3.13%     31.64% |        9589      3.13%     34.77% |        9524      3.11%     37.88% |        9552      3.12%     41.01% |        9576      3.13%     44.13% |        9564      3.12%     47.26% |        9504      3.11%     50.36% |        9555      3.12%     53.49% |        9517      3.11%     56.59% |        9514      3.11%     59.70% |        9504      3.11%     62.81% |        9499      3.10%     65.91% |        9541      3.12%     69.03% |        9498      3.10%     72.13% |        9440      3.08%     75.22% |        9508      3.11%     78.32% |        9538      3.12%     81.44% |        9513      3.11%     84.55% |        9453      3.09%     87.63% |        9482      3.10%     90.73% |        9446      3.09%     93.82% |        9461      3.09%     96.91% |        9460      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       306085                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9952      3.64%      3.64% |        8538      3.12%      6.77% |        8593      3.14%      9.91% |        8503      3.11%     13.02% |        8493      3.11%     16.13% |        8495      3.11%     19.24% |        8484      3.10%     22.34% |        8479      3.10%     25.44% |        8511      3.11%     28.56% |        8559      3.13%     31.69% |        8565      3.13%     34.82% |        8500      3.11%     37.93% |        8528      3.12%     41.05% |        8552      3.13%     44.18% |        8540      3.12%     47.30% |        8480      3.10%     50.41% |        8531      3.12%     53.53% |        8493      3.11%     56.64% |        8490      3.11%     59.74% |        8480      3.10%     62.84% |        8475      3.10%     65.95% |        8517      3.12%     69.06% |        8474      3.10%     72.16% |        8416      3.08%     75.24% |        8484      3.10%     78.35% |        8514      3.12%     81.46% |        8489      3.11%     84.57% |        8429      3.08%     87.65% |        8458      3.09%     90.75% |        8422      3.08%     93.83% |        8437      3.09%     96.91% |        8436      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       273317                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        6824      3.20%      3.20% |        6591      3.09%      6.28% |        6624      3.10%      9.38% |        6652      3.11%     12.50% |        6738      3.16%     15.65% |        6644      3.11%     18.77% |        6661      3.12%     21.88% |        6729      3.15%     25.04% |        6776      3.17%     28.21% |        6618      3.10%     31.31% |        6654      3.12%     34.42% |        6629      3.10%     37.53% |        6801      3.18%     40.71% |        6607      3.09%     43.81% |        6630      3.10%     46.91% |        6668      3.12%     50.03% |        6839      3.20%     53.24% |        6618      3.10%     56.33% |        6603      3.09%     59.43% |        6622      3.10%     62.53% |        6797      3.18%     65.71% |        6673      3.12%     68.84% |        6626      3.10%     71.94% |        6613      3.10%     75.03% |        6760      3.17%     78.20% |        6619      3.10%     81.30% |        6621      3.10%     84.40% |        6566      3.07%     87.48% |        6829      3.20%     90.67% |        6604      3.09%     93.77% |        6690      3.13%     96.90% |        6624      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total       213550                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         658      3.16%      3.16% |         645      3.10%      6.25% |         646      3.10%      9.35% |         658      3.16%     12.51% |         657      3.15%     15.66% |         661      3.17%     18.84% |         650      3.12%     21.96% |         647      3.10%     25.06% |         670      3.22%     28.28% |         640      3.07%     31.35% |         649      3.11%     34.46% |         643      3.09%     37.55% |         644      3.09%     40.64% |         648      3.11%     43.75% |         658      3.16%     46.90% |         646      3.10%     50.00% |         652      3.13%     53.13% |         658      3.16%     56.29% |         637      3.06%     59.35% |         634      3.04%     62.39% |         644      3.09%     65.48% |         637      3.06%     68.54% |         670      3.22%     71.75% |         652      3.13%     74.88% |         643      3.09%     77.97% |         644      3.09%     81.06% |         647      3.10%     84.16% |         645      3.10%     87.26% |         662      3.18%     90.44% |         659      3.16%     93.60% |         663      3.18%     96.78% |         671      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        20838                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         396      3.09%      3.09% |         395      3.08%      6.17% |         403      3.14%      9.31% |         404      3.15%     12.46% |         401      3.13%     15.58% |         403      3.14%     18.72% |         404      3.15%     21.87% |         406      3.16%     25.04% |         408      3.18%     28.22% |         405      3.16%     31.37% |         412      3.21%     34.58% |         403      3.14%     37.72% |         406      3.16%     40.89% |         405      3.16%     44.05% |         406      3.16%     47.21% |         407      3.17%     50.38% |         405      3.16%     53.54% |         403      3.14%     56.68% |         403      3.14%     59.82% |         394      3.07%     62.89% |         398      3.10%     65.99% |         395      3.08%     69.07% |         394      3.07%     72.14% |         399      3.11%     75.25% |         394      3.07%     78.32% |         399      3.11%     81.43% |         397      3.09%     84.53% |         396      3.09%     87.61% |         396      3.09%     90.70% |         399      3.11%     93.81% |         397      3.09%     96.91% |         397      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        12830                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         502      3.35%      3.35% |         456      3.04%      6.39% |         454      3.03%      9.42% |         448      2.99%     12.41% |         461      3.08%     15.49% |         470      3.14%     18.63% |         461      3.08%     21.70% |         461      3.08%     24.78% |         468      3.12%     27.90% |         475      3.17%     31.07% |         487      3.25%     34.32% |         476      3.18%     37.50% |         492      3.28%     40.78% |         496      3.31%     44.09% |         500      3.34%     47.43% |         485      3.24%     50.66% |         487      3.25%     53.91% |         472      3.15%     57.06% |         468      3.12%     60.19% |         446      2.98%     63.16% |         441      2.94%     66.11% |         469      3.13%     69.24% |         449      3.00%     72.23% |         446      2.98%     75.21% |         474      3.16%     78.37% |         478      3.19%     81.56% |         487      3.25%     84.81% |         455      3.04%     87.85% |         450      3.00%     90.85% |         454      3.03%     93.88% |         463      3.09%     96.97% |         454      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        14985                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        7420      3.17%      3.17% |        7229      3.09%      6.26% |        7260      3.10%      9.36% |        7302      3.12%     12.48% |        7388      3.16%     15.64% |        7301      3.12%     18.76% |        7306      3.12%     21.88% |        7369      3.15%     25.02% |        7438      3.18%     28.20% |        7250      3.10%     31.30% |        7296      3.12%     34.42% |        7266      3.10%     37.52% |        7437      3.18%     40.70% |        7251      3.10%     43.80% |        7282      3.11%     46.91% |        7309      3.12%     50.03% |        7485      3.20%     53.23% |        7269      3.11%     56.33% |        7233      3.09%     59.42% |        7246      3.10%     62.52% |        7429      3.17%     65.69% |        7297      3.12%     68.81% |        7285      3.11%     71.92% |        7254      3.10%     75.02% |        7393      3.16%     78.18% |        7254      3.10%     81.28% |        7258      3.10%     84.38% |        7200      3.08%     87.46% |        7478      3.19%     90.65% |        7254      3.10%     93.75% |        7340      3.14%     96.89% |        7291      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total       234070                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       59072      6.00%      6.00% |       30770      3.13%      9.12% |       29432      2.99%     12.11% |       30351      3.08%     15.20% |       29853      3.03%     18.23% |       29223      2.97%     21.20% |       28877      2.93%     24.13% |       28870      2.93%     27.06% |       29368      2.98%     30.04% |       29630      3.01%     33.05% |       31392      3.19%     36.24% |       31654      3.21%     39.46% |       30090      3.06%     42.51% |       29338      2.98%     45.49% |       28548      2.90%     48.39% |       29005      2.95%     51.34% |       30240      3.07%     54.41% |       29401      2.99%     57.40% |       29731      3.02%     60.41% |       29762      3.02%     63.44% |       29822      3.03%     66.47% |       31888      3.24%     69.71% |       29302      2.98%     72.68% |       29022      2.95%     75.63% |       29862      3.03%     78.66% |       29872      3.03%     81.70% |       29378      2.98%     84.68% |       29324      2.98%     87.66% |       29649      3.01%     90.67% |       29117      2.96%     93.63% |       30213      3.07%     96.69% |       32545      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       984601                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.04%     11.04% |          52      3.12%     14.17% |          48      2.88%     17.05% |          48      2.88%     19.93% |          48      2.88%     22.81% |          48      2.88%     25.69% |          48      2.88%     28.57% |          48      2.88%     31.45% |          48      2.88%     34.33% |          48      2.88%     37.21% |          46      2.76%     39.98% |          46      2.76%     42.74% |          46      2.76%     45.50% |          46      2.76%     48.26% |          46      2.76%     51.02% |          46      2.76%     53.78% |          46      2.76%     56.54% |          48      2.88%     59.42% |          48      2.88%     62.30% |          48      2.88%     65.19% |          48      2.88%     68.07% |          50      3.00%     71.07% |          48      2.88%     73.95% |          46      2.76%     76.71% |          48      2.88%     79.59% |          50      3.00%     82.59% |          50      3.00%     85.59% |          46      2.76%     88.36% |          46      2.76%     91.12% |          48      2.88%     94.00% |          50      3.00%     97.00% |          50      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1666                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         410      3.27%      3.27% |         374      2.98%      6.25% |         379      3.02%      9.28% |         374      2.98%     12.26% |         384      3.06%     15.33% |         381      3.04%     18.37% |         380      3.03%     21.40% |         385      3.07%     24.47% |         389      3.10%     27.57% |         401      3.20%     30.77% |         406      3.24%     34.01% |         397      3.17%     37.18% |         416      3.32%     40.50% |         417      3.33%     43.82% |         419      3.34%     47.17% |         408      3.26%     50.42% |         413      3.30%     53.72% |         400      3.19%     56.91% |         391      3.12%     60.03% |         373      2.98%     63.00% |         364      2.90%     65.91% |         388      3.10%     69.00% |         373      2.98%     71.98% |         372      2.97%     74.95% |         399      3.18%     78.13% |         406      3.24%     81.37% |         414      3.30%     84.67% |         387      3.09%     87.76% |         387      3.09%     90.85% |         381      3.04%     93.89% |         393      3.14%     97.02% |         373      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12534                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5290      4.14%      4.14% |        4018      3.14%      7.28% |        4063      3.18%     10.46% |        3977      3.11%     13.57% |        3973      3.11%     16.68% |        3965      3.10%     19.78% |        3968      3.10%     22.89% |        3961      3.10%     25.99% |        3970      3.11%     29.09% |        3999      3.13%     32.22% |        4015      3.14%     35.36% |        3930      3.07%     38.44% |        3948      3.09%     41.53% |        3973      3.11%     44.64% |        3966      3.10%     47.74% |        3932      3.08%     50.82% |        3964      3.10%     53.92% |        3936      3.08%     57.00% |        3941      3.08%     60.08% |        3949      3.09%     63.17% |        3952      3.09%     66.26% |        3953      3.09%     69.36% |        3953      3.09%     72.45% |        3901      3.05%     75.50% |        3932      3.08%     78.58% |        3949      3.09%     81.67% |        3913      3.06%     84.73% |        3895      3.05%     87.78% |        3921      3.07%     90.84% |        3891      3.04%     93.89% |        3885      3.04%     96.93% |        3925      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       127808                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        5276      3.18%      3.18% |        5170      3.12%      6.30% |        5175      3.12%      9.42% |        5176      3.12%     12.55% |        5160      3.11%     15.66% |        5173      3.12%     18.78% |        5160      3.11%     21.90% |        5157      3.11%     25.01% |        5176      3.12%     28.13% |        5183      3.13%     31.26% |        5168      3.12%     34.37% |        5197      3.14%     37.51% |        5188      3.13%     40.64% |        5186      3.13%     43.77% |        5179      3.12%     46.89% |        5164      3.12%     50.01% |        5178      3.12%     53.13% |        5181      3.13%     56.26% |        5182      3.13%     59.39% |        5182      3.13%     62.51% |        5183      3.13%     65.64% |        5200      3.14%     68.78% |        5172      3.12%     71.90% |        5167      3.12%     75.02% |        5177      3.12%     78.14% |        5183      3.13%     81.27% |        5186      3.13%     84.39% |        5172      3.12%     87.52% |        5174      3.12%     90.64% |        5174      3.12%     93.76% |        5183      3.13%     96.89% |        5162      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       165744                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3412      3.09%      3.09% |        3393      3.07%      6.16% |        3090      2.80%      8.96% |        3111      2.82%     11.77% |        3151      2.85%     14.62% |        3653      3.31%     17.93% |        3330      3.01%     20.95% |        2908      2.63%     23.58% |        3145      2.85%     26.42% |        4724      4.28%     30.70% |        3471      3.14%     33.84% |        3384      3.06%     36.90% |        3122      2.83%     39.73% |        3851      3.49%     43.22% |        3439      3.11%     46.33% |        3360      3.04%     49.37% |        3668      3.32%     52.69% |        3706      3.35%     56.05% |        3200      2.90%     58.94% |        2906      2.63%     61.57% |        2697      2.44%     64.01% |        3256      2.95%     66.96% |        3120      2.82%     69.78% |        3012      2.73%     72.51% |        3201      2.90%     75.41% |        3223      2.92%     78.33% |        2830      2.56%     80.89% |        4145      3.75%     84.64% |        3522      3.19%     87.83% |        4765      4.31%     92.14% |        4606      4.17%     96.31% |        4078      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110479                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        2750      3.18%      3.18% |        2664      3.08%      6.26% |        2723      3.15%      9.41% |        2733      3.16%     12.57% |        2786      3.22%     15.79% |        2776      3.21%     19.00% |        2807      3.25%     22.25% |        2678      3.10%     25.34% |        2773      3.21%     28.55% |        2744      3.17%     31.72% |        2756      3.19%     34.91% |        2646      3.06%     37.97% |        2708      3.13%     41.10% |        2707      3.13%     44.23% |        2782      3.22%     47.45% |        2677      3.10%     50.54% |        2703      3.13%     53.67% |        2694      3.12%     56.78% |        2792      3.23%     60.01% |        2650      3.06%     63.08% |        2649      3.06%     66.14% |        2637      3.05%     69.19% |        2680      3.10%     72.29% |        2672      3.09%     75.38% |        2685      3.10%     78.48% |        2617      3.03%     81.51% |        2668      3.09%     84.59% |        2650      3.06%     87.66% |        2687      3.11%     90.76% |        2662      3.08%     93.84% |        2648      3.06%     96.90% |        2677      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        86481                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |        1070      3.17%      3.17% |        1108      3.28%      6.46% |        1053      3.12%      9.58% |        1054      3.12%     12.70% |        1048      3.11%     15.81% |        1089      3.23%     19.04% |        1053      3.12%     22.16% |        1075      3.19%     25.34% |        1049      3.11%     28.45% |        1030      3.05%     31.51% |        1074      3.18%     34.69% |        1026      3.04%     37.73% |        1067      3.16%     40.89% |        1043      3.09%     43.98% |        1031      3.06%     47.04% |        1076      3.19%     50.23% |        1091      3.23%     53.46% |        1050      3.11%     56.58% |        1036      3.07%     59.65% |        1046      3.10%     62.75% |        1055      3.13%     65.87% |        1052      3.12%     68.99% |        1024      3.04%     72.03% |        1014      3.01%     75.03% |        1092      3.24%     78.27% |        1073      3.18%     81.45% |        1035      3.07%     84.52% |        1004      2.98%     87.49% |        1096      3.25%     90.74% |        1046      3.10%     93.84% |        1058      3.14%     96.98% |        1019      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total        33737                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |        6355      3.17%      3.17% |        6127      3.06%      6.23% |        6218      3.10%      9.33% |        6247      3.12%     12.44% |        6347      3.17%     15.61% |        6210      3.10%     18.71% |        6256      3.12%     21.83% |        6297      3.14%     24.97% |        6385      3.18%     28.15% |        6233      3.11%     31.26% |        6219      3.10%     34.36% |        6251      3.12%     37.48% |        6383      3.18%     40.66% |        6212      3.10%     43.76% |        6251      3.12%     46.88% |        6239      3.11%     49.99% |        6401      3.19%     53.18% |        6221      3.10%     56.29% |        6221      3.10%     59.39% |        6216      3.10%     62.49% |        6387      3.19%     65.67% |        6262      3.12%     68.80% |        6255      3.12%     71.92% |        6249      3.12%     75.03% |        6313      3.15%     78.18% |        6191      3.09%     81.27% |        6230      3.11%     84.38% |        6199      3.09%     87.47% |        6378      3.18%     90.65% |        6207      3.10%     93.75% |        6276      3.13%     96.88% |        6265      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total       200501                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      1.54%      1.54% |           2      3.08%      4.62% |          11     16.92%     21.54% |           1      1.54%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           3      4.62%     27.69% |           3      4.62%     32.31% |           3      4.62%     36.92% |           1      1.54%     38.46% |           3      4.62%     43.08% |          18     27.69%     70.77% |           1      1.54%     72.31% |           2      3.08%     75.38% |           2      3.08%     78.46% |           3      4.62%     83.08% |           2      3.08%     86.15% |           2      3.08%     89.23% |           1      1.54%     90.77% |           1      1.54%     92.31% |           1      1.54%     93.85% |           1      1.54%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           1      1.54%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         467      3.27%      3.27% |         433      3.03%      6.29% |         424      2.96%      9.26% |         431      3.01%     12.27% |         443      3.10%     15.37% |         439      3.07%     18.44% |         438      3.06%     21.50% |         442      3.09%     24.59% |         446      3.12%     27.71% |         454      3.17%     30.88% |         449      3.14%     34.02% |         455      3.18%     37.20% |         472      3.30%     40.50% |         473      3.31%     43.81% |         476      3.33%     47.14% |         464      3.24%     50.38% |         467      3.27%     53.65% |         454      3.17%     56.82% |         449      3.14%     59.96% |         425      2.97%     62.93% |         418      2.92%     65.85% |         439      3.07%     68.92% |         431      3.01%     71.94% |         430      3.01%     74.94% |         460      3.22%     78.16% |         463      3.24%     81.40% |         472      3.30%     84.70% |         440      3.08%     87.77% |         437      3.06%     90.83% |         436      3.05%     93.88% |         447      3.13%     97.00% |         429      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        14303                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.65%      4.65% |           7      8.14%     12.79% |           5      5.81%     18.60% |           4      4.65%     23.26% |           1      1.16%     24.42% |           7      8.14%     32.56% |           2      2.33%     34.88% |           1      1.16%     36.05% |           1      1.16%     37.21% |           2      2.33%     39.53% |           2      2.33%     41.86% |           1      1.16%     43.02% |           4      4.65%     47.67% |           1      1.16%     48.84% |           4      4.65%     53.49% |           0      0.00%     53.49% |           1      1.16%     54.65% |           2      2.33%     56.98% |          13     15.12%     72.09% |           4      4.65%     76.74% |           2      2.33%     79.07% |           1      1.16%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           2      2.33%     84.88% |           4      4.65%     89.53% |           1      1.16%     90.70% |           2      2.33%     93.02% |           0      0.00%     93.02% |           3      3.49%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       29092     21.42%     21.42% |        4170      3.07%     24.49% |        3108      2.29%     26.78% |        3926      2.89%     29.67% |        3263      2.40%     32.07% |        3003      2.21%     34.28% |        2780      2.05%     36.33% |        2791      2.05%     38.38% |        2838      2.09%     40.47% |        3386      2.49%     42.96% |        5153      3.79%     46.76% |        4976      3.66%     50.42% |        3632      2.67%     53.10% |        3329      2.45%     55.55% |        2534      1.87%     57.41% |        2877      2.12%     59.53% |        3704      2.73%     62.26% |        3287      2.42%     64.68% |        3444      2.54%     67.21% |        3408      2.51%     69.72% |        3251      2.39%     72.12% |        4631      3.41%     75.53% |        3096      2.28%     77.81% |        2875      2.12%     79.92% |        3030      2.23%     82.15% |        3534      2.60%     84.75% |        3081      2.27%     87.02% |        2696      1.98%     89.01% |        3022      2.22%     91.23% |        2776      2.04%     93.28% |        3323      2.45%     95.72% |        5809      4.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       135825                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        3503      6.31%      6.31% |        1856      3.34%      9.65% |        1543      2.78%     12.43% |        1723      3.10%     15.54% |        1638      2.95%     18.49% |        1532      2.76%     21.25% |        1375      2.48%     23.72% |        1414      2.55%     26.27% |        1554      2.80%     29.07% |        1522      2.74%     31.81% |        1514      2.73%     34.54% |        2030      3.66%     38.19% |        1460      2.63%     40.82% |        1373      2.47%     43.30% |        1350      2.43%     45.73% |        1442      2.60%     48.33% |        1527      2.75%     51.08% |        1481      2.67%     53.74% |        1653      2.98%     56.72% |        1729      3.11%     59.84% |        1536      2.77%     62.60% |        2582      4.65%     67.25% |        1603      2.89%     70.14% |        1566      2.82%     72.96% |        1819      3.28%     76.24% |        1676      3.02%     79.26% |        1697      3.06%     82.31% |        2083      3.75%     86.07% |        1622      2.92%     88.99% |        1705      3.07%     92.06% |        2276      4.10%     96.16% |        2133      3.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        55517                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        8036      3.67%      3.67% |        6804      3.10%      6.77% |        6822      3.11%      9.89% |        6801      3.10%     12.99% |        6790      3.10%     16.09% |        6796      3.10%     19.19% |        6787      3.10%     22.29% |        6797      3.10%     25.39% |        6812      3.11%     28.50% |        6823      3.11%     31.61% |        6831      3.12%     34.73% |        6827      3.12%     37.84% |        6810      3.11%     40.95% |        6842      3.12%     44.07% |        6811      3.11%     47.18% |        6809      3.11%     50.29% |        6845      3.12%     53.41% |        6825      3.11%     56.53% |        6829      3.12%     59.64% |        6830      3.12%     62.76% |        6818      3.11%     65.87% |        6844      3.12%     68.99% |        6821      3.11%     72.11% |        6777      3.09%     75.20% |        6803      3.10%     78.30% |        6811      3.11%     81.41% |        6795      3.10%     84.51% |        6785      3.10%     87.61% |        6789      3.10%     90.71% |        6774      3.09%     93.80% |        6789      3.10%     96.89% |        6805      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       219138                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        1316      3.45%      3.45% |        1245      3.27%      6.72% |        1283      3.37%     10.09% |        1222      3.21%     13.30% |        1211      3.18%     16.48% |        1201      3.15%     19.63% |        1207      3.17%     22.80% |        1190      3.12%     25.92% |        1199      3.15%     29.07% |        1229      3.23%     32.29% |        1217      3.19%     35.49% |        1168      3.07%     38.55% |        1195      3.14%     41.69% |        1187      3.12%     44.80% |        1200      3.15%     47.95% |        1158      3.04%     50.99% |        1170      3.07%     54.06% |        1165      3.06%     57.12% |        1162      3.05%     60.17% |        1170      3.07%     63.24% |        1180      3.10%     66.34% |        1166      3.06%     69.40% |        1169      3.07%     72.47% |        1159      3.04%     75.51% |        1173      3.08%     78.59% |        1191      3.13%     81.71% |        1172      3.08%     84.79% |        1156      3.03%     87.82% |        1183      3.10%     90.93% |        1161      3.05%     93.98% |        1147      3.01%     96.99% |        1148      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        38100                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        7420      3.17%      3.17% |        7229      3.09%      6.26% |        7260      3.10%      9.36% |        7302      3.12%     12.48% |        7388      3.16%     15.64% |        7301      3.12%     18.76% |        7306      3.12%     21.88% |        7369      3.15%     25.02% |        7438      3.18%     28.20% |        7250      3.10%     31.30% |        7296      3.12%     34.42% |        7266      3.10%     37.52% |        7437      3.18%     40.70% |        7251      3.10%     43.80% |        7282      3.11%     46.91% |        7309      3.12%     50.03% |        7485      3.20%     53.23% |        7269      3.11%     56.33% |        7233      3.09%     59.42% |        7246      3.10%     62.52% |        7429      3.17%     65.69% |        7297      3.12%     68.81% |        7285      3.11%     71.92% |        7254      3.10%     75.02% |        7393      3.16%     78.18% |        7254      3.10%     81.28% |        7258      3.10%     84.38% |        7200      3.08%     87.46% |        7478      3.19%     90.65% |        7254      3.10%     93.75% |        7340      3.14%     96.89% |        7291      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total       234070                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |        8547      3.20%      3.20% |        8382      3.13%      6.33% |        8338      3.12%      9.45% |        8304      3.10%     12.55% |        8490      3.17%     15.72% |        8306      3.11%     18.83% |        8349      3.12%     21.95% |        8240      3.08%     25.03% |        8452      3.16%     28.19% |        8349      3.12%     31.31% |        8308      3.11%     34.42% |        8315      3.11%     37.53% |        8483      3.17%     40.70% |        8287      3.10%     43.80% |        8295      3.10%     46.90% |        8342      3.12%     50.02% |        8442      3.16%     53.17% |        8306      3.11%     56.28% |        8327      3.11%     59.39% |        8304      3.10%     62.49% |        8529      3.19%     65.68% |        8283      3.10%     68.78% |        8251      3.08%     71.86% |        8317      3.11%     74.97% |        8568      3.20%     78.18% |        8334      3.12%     81.29% |        8300      3.10%     84.39% |        8336      3.12%     87.51% |        8487      3.17%     90.68% |        8375      3.13%     93.81% |        8264      3.09%     96.90% |        8283      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total       267493                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       42870      8.97%      8.97% |       14998      3.14%     12.11% |       13670      2.86%     14.97% |       14588      3.05%     18.02% |       13818      2.89%     20.91% |       13448      2.81%     23.73% |       13067      2.73%     26.46% |       13106      2.74%     29.21% |       13315      2.79%     31.99% |       13871      2.90%     34.90% |       15627      3.27%     38.17% |       15916      3.33%     41.50% |       14014      2.93%     44.43% |       13644      2.86%     47.28% |       12812      2.68%     49.96% |       13200      2.76%     52.73% |       14159      2.96%     55.69% |       13671      2.86%     58.55% |       14015      2.93%     61.48% |       14050      2.94%     64.42% |       13694      2.87%     67.29% |       16131      3.38%     70.67% |       13604      2.85%     73.51% |       13293      2.78%     76.29% |       13746      2.88%     79.17% |       14129      2.96%     82.13% |       13663      2.86%     84.99% |       13631      2.85%     87.84% |       13529      2.83%     90.67% |       13331      2.79%     93.46% |       14448      3.02%     96.48% |       16805      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       477863                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           1     12.50%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     12.50%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1     12.50%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           5      4.59%      4.59% |           7      6.42%     11.01% |           6      5.50%     16.51% |           3      2.75%     19.27% |           2      1.83%     21.10% |           5      4.59%     25.69% |           0      0.00%     25.69% |           0      0.00%     25.69% |           3      2.75%     28.44% |           5      4.59%     33.03% |           3      2.75%     35.78% |           5      4.59%     40.37% |           3      2.75%     43.12% |           1      0.92%     44.04% |           3      2.75%     46.79% |           1      0.92%     47.71% |           2      1.83%     49.54% |           1      0.92%     50.46% |           3      2.75%     53.21% |           3      2.75%     55.96% |           5      4.59%     60.55% |           7      6.42%     66.97% |           4      3.67%     70.64% |           2      1.83%     72.48% |           4      3.67%     76.15% |           3      2.75%     78.90% |           4      3.67%     82.57% |           3      2.75%     85.32% |           5      4.59%     89.91% |           3      2.75%     92.66% |           3      2.75%     95.41% |           5      4.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          109                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          35      4.55%      4.55% |          21      2.73%      7.27% |          23      2.99%     10.26% |          21      2.73%     12.99% |          23      2.99%     15.97% |          27      3.51%     19.48% |          25      3.25%     22.73% |          23      2.99%     25.71% |          26      3.38%     29.09% |          21      2.73%     31.82% |          24      3.12%     34.94% |          21      2.73%     37.66% |          23      2.99%     40.65% |          24      3.12%     43.77% |          24      3.12%     46.88% |          23      2.99%     49.87% |          22      2.86%     52.73% |          23      2.99%     55.71% |          22      2.86%     58.57% |          27      3.51%     62.08% |          29      3.77%     65.84% |          35      4.55%     70.39% |          25      3.25%     73.64% |          25      3.25%     76.88% |          20      2.60%     79.48% |          21      2.73%     82.21% |          21      2.73%     84.94% |          23      2.99%     87.92% |          20      2.60%     90.52% |          23      2.99%     93.51% |          26      3.38%     96.88% |          24      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total          770                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     28.57%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1     14.29%     42.86% |           2     28.57%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9952      3.64%      3.64% |        8538      3.12%      6.77% |        8593      3.14%      9.91% |        8503      3.11%     13.02% |        8493      3.11%     16.13% |        8495      3.11%     19.24% |        8484      3.10%     22.34% |        8479      3.10%     25.44% |        8511      3.11%     28.56% |        8559      3.13%     31.69% |        8565      3.13%     34.82% |        8500      3.11%     37.93% |        8528      3.12%     41.05% |        8552      3.13%     44.18% |        8540      3.12%     47.30% |        8480      3.10%     50.41% |        8531      3.12%     53.53% |        8493      3.11%     56.64% |        8490      3.11%     59.74% |        8480      3.10%     62.84% |        8475      3.10%     65.95% |        8517      3.12%     69.06% |        8474      3.10%     72.16% |        8416      3.08%     75.24% |        8484      3.10%     78.35% |        8514      3.12%     81.46% |        8489      3.11%     84.57% |        8429      3.08%     87.65% |        8458      3.09%     90.75% |        8422      3.08%     93.83% |        8437      3.09%     96.91% |        8436      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       273317                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          58     48.33%     48.33% |           5      4.17%     52.50% |           4      3.33%     55.83% |           3      2.50%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           3      2.50%     60.83% |           2      1.67%     62.50% |           3      2.50%     65.00% |           2      1.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      0.83%     67.50% |           0      0.00%     67.50% |           1      0.83%     68.33% |           1      0.83%     69.17% |           2      1.67%     70.83% |           1      0.83%     71.67% |           3      2.50%     74.17% |           3      2.50%     76.67% |           3      2.50%     79.17% |           1      0.83%     80.00% |           3      2.50%     82.50% |           2      1.67%     84.17% |           3      2.50%     86.67% |           3      2.50%     89.17% |           5      4.17%     93.33% |           3      2.50%     95.83% |           3      2.50%     98.33% |           2      1.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          120                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      6.67%      6.67% |           2      4.44%     11.11% |           2      4.44%     15.56% |           0      0.00%     15.56% |           2      4.44%     20.00% |           5     11.11%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           3      6.67%     37.78% |           2      4.44%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           2      4.44%     48.89% |           1      2.22%     51.11% |           1      2.22%     53.33% |           2      4.44%     57.78% |           1      2.22%     60.00% |           1      2.22%     62.22% |           0      0.00%     62.22% |           1      2.22%     64.44% |           2      4.44%     68.89% |           2      4.44%     73.33% |           4      8.89%     82.22% |           1      2.22%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           1      2.22%     88.89% |           1      2.22%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           3      6.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           5     83.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           4      2.02%      2.02% |           2      1.01%      3.03% |           6      3.03%      6.06% |           5      2.53%      8.59% |           7      3.54%     12.12% |           4      2.02%     14.14% |           5      2.53%     16.67% |           7      3.54%     20.20% |           8      4.04%     24.24% |           5      2.53%     26.77% |           5      2.53%     29.29% |           3      1.52%     30.81% |           6      3.03%     33.84% |           4      2.02%     35.86% |           5      2.53%     38.38% |           5      2.53%     40.91% |           5      2.53%     43.43% |           6      3.03%     46.46% |           5      2.53%     48.99% |           9      4.55%     53.54% |           9      4.55%     58.08% |          10      5.05%     63.13% |           8      4.04%     67.17% |          10      5.05%     72.22% |           7      3.54%     75.76% |           7      3.54%     79.29% |           7      3.54%     82.83% |           8      4.04%     86.87% |           8      4.04%     90.91% |           6      3.03%     93.94% |          10      5.05%     98.99% |           2      1.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          198                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          31      5.42%      5.42% |          19      3.32%      8.74% |          17      2.97%     11.71% |          16      2.80%     14.51% |          16      2.80%     17.31% |          23      4.02%     21.33% |          20      3.50%     24.83% |          16      2.80%     27.62% |          18      3.15%     30.77% |          16      2.80%     33.57% |          19      3.32%     36.89% |          18      3.15%     40.03% |          17      2.97%     43.01% |          20      3.50%     46.50% |          19      3.32%     49.83% |          18      3.15%     52.97% |          17      2.97%     55.94% |          17      2.97%     58.92% |          17      2.97%     61.89% |          18      3.15%     65.03% |          20      3.50%     68.53% |          25      4.37%     72.90% |          17      2.97%     75.87% |          15      2.62%     78.50% |          13      2.27%     80.77% |          14      2.45%     83.22% |          14      2.45%     85.66% |          15      2.62%     88.29% |          12      2.10%     90.38% |          17      2.97%     93.36% |          16      2.80%     96.15% |          22      3.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total          572                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         396      3.13%      3.13% |         395      3.13%      6.26% |         339      2.68%      8.94% |         403      3.19%     12.13% |         401      3.17%     15.31% |         403      3.19%     18.50% |         402      3.18%     21.68% |         403      3.19%     24.87% |         407      3.22%     28.09% |         403      3.19%     31.28% |         304      2.41%     33.69% |         402      3.18%     36.87% |         404      3.20%     40.07% |         403      3.19%     43.26% |         404      3.20%     46.46% |         405      3.21%     49.66% |         403      3.19%     52.85% |         402      3.18%     56.04% |         402      3.18%     59.22% |         393      3.11%     62.33% |         397      3.14%     65.47% |         395      3.13%     68.60% |         394      3.12%     71.72% |         399      3.16%     74.88% |         394      3.12%     77.99% |         399      3.16%     81.15% |         397      3.14%     84.30% |         396      3.13%     87.43% |         396      3.13%     90.56% |         398      3.15%     93.71% |         397      3.14%     96.86% |         397      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        12633                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         467      3.27%      3.27% |         433      3.03%      6.29% |         424      2.96%      9.26% |         431      3.01%     12.27% |         443      3.10%     15.37% |         439      3.07%     18.44% |         438      3.06%     21.50% |         442      3.09%     24.59% |         446      3.12%     27.71% |         454      3.17%     30.88% |         449      3.14%     34.02% |         455      3.18%     37.20% |         472      3.30%     40.50% |         473      3.31%     43.81% |         476      3.33%     47.14% |         464      3.24%     50.38% |         467      3.27%     53.65% |         454      3.17%     56.82% |         449      3.14%     59.96% |         425      2.97%     62.93% |         418      2.92%     65.85% |         439      3.07%     68.92% |         431      3.01%     71.94% |         430      3.01%     74.94% |         460      3.22%     78.16% |         463      3.24%     81.40% |         472      3.30%     84.70% |         440      3.08%     87.77% |         437      3.06%     90.83% |         436      3.05%     93.88% |         447      3.13%     97.00% |         429      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        14303                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     32.49%     32.49% |           1      0.51%     32.99% |           0      0.00%     32.99% |           0      0.00%     32.99% |           2      1.02%     34.01% |           3      1.52%     35.53% |           1      0.51%     36.04% |           2      1.02%     37.06% |         108     54.82%     91.88% |           1      0.51%     92.39% |           2      1.02%     93.40% |           2      1.02%     94.42% |           2      1.02%     95.43% |           2      1.02%     96.45% |           2      1.02%     97.46% |           1      0.51%     97.97% |           1      0.51%     98.48% |           1      0.51%     98.98% |           1      0.51%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           1      0.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          197                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      1.54%      1.54% |           2      3.08%      4.62% |          11     16.92%     21.54% |           1      1.54%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           3      4.62%     27.69% |           3      4.62%     32.31% |           3      4.62%     36.92% |           1      1.54%     38.46% |           3      4.62%     43.08% |          18     27.69%     70.77% |           1      1.54%     72.31% |           2      3.08%     75.38% |           2      3.08%     78.46% |           3      4.62%     83.08% |           2      3.08%     86.15% |           2      3.08%     89.23% |           1      1.54%     90.77% |           1      1.54%     92.31% |           1      1.54%     93.85% |           1      1.54%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           1      1.54%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |          61      3.01%      3.01% |          61      3.01%      6.03% |          66      3.26%      9.29% |          56      2.77%     12.06% |          66      3.26%     15.32% |          55      2.72%     18.03% |          64      3.16%     21.20% |          65      3.21%     24.41% |          56      2.77%     27.17% |          72      3.56%     30.73% |          59      2.92%     33.65% |          71      3.51%     37.15% |          71      3.51%     40.66% |          65      3.21%     43.87% |          58      2.87%     46.74% |          67      3.31%     50.05% |          67      3.31%     53.36% |          61      3.01%     56.37% |          73      3.61%     59.98% |          72      3.56%     63.54% |          71      3.51%     67.05% |          75      3.71%     70.75% |          52      2.57%     73.32% |          67      3.31%     76.63% |          69      3.41%     80.04% |          68      3.36%     83.40% |          64      3.16%     86.56% |          61      3.01%     89.58% |          51      2.52%     92.09% |          57      2.82%     94.91% |          52      2.57%     97.48% |          51      2.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total         2024                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5229      4.16%      4.16% |        3957      3.15%      7.30% |        3997      3.18%     10.48% |        3921      3.12%     13.60% |        3907      3.11%     16.70% |        3910      3.11%     19.81% |        3904      3.10%     22.92% |        3896      3.10%     26.01% |        3914      3.11%     29.13% |        3927      3.12%     32.25% |        3956      3.15%     35.39% |        3859      3.07%     38.46% |        3877      3.08%     41.54% |        3908      3.11%     44.65% |        3908      3.11%     47.76% |        3865      3.07%     50.83% |        3897      3.10%     53.93% |        3875      3.08%     57.01% |        3868      3.08%     60.08% |        3877      3.08%     63.17% |        3881      3.09%     66.25% |        3878      3.08%     69.33% |        3901      3.10%     72.44% |        3834      3.05%     75.48% |        3863      3.07%     78.55% |        3881      3.09%     81.64% |        3849      3.06%     84.70% |        3834      3.05%     87.75% |        3870      3.08%     90.82% |        3834      3.05%     93.87% |        3833      3.05%     96.92% |        3874      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       125784                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         471      3.24%      3.24% |         435      2.99%      6.22% |         445      3.06%      9.28% |         430      2.95%     12.23% |         450      3.09%     15.33% |         436      3.00%     18.32% |         444      3.05%     21.37% |         450      3.09%     24.46% |         445      3.06%     27.52% |         473      3.25%     30.77% |         465      3.19%     33.96% |         468      3.21%     37.18% |         487      3.35%     40.52% |         482      3.31%     43.83% |         477      3.28%     47.11% |         475      3.26%     50.37% |         480      3.30%     53.67% |         461      3.17%     56.84% |         464      3.19%     60.03% |         445      3.06%     63.08% |         435      2.99%     66.07% |         463      3.18%     69.25% |         425      2.92%     72.17% |         439      3.02%     75.19% |         468      3.21%     78.40% |         474      3.26%     81.66% |         478      3.28%     84.94% |         447      3.07%     88.01% |         438      3.01%     91.02% |         438      3.01%     94.03% |         445      3.06%     97.09% |         424      2.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        14557                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        5276      3.18%      3.18% |        5170      3.12%      6.30% |        5175      3.12%      9.42% |        5176      3.12%     12.55% |        5160      3.11%     15.66% |        5173      3.12%     18.78% |        5160      3.11%     21.90% |        5157      3.11%     25.01% |        5176      3.12%     28.13% |        5183      3.13%     31.26% |        5168      3.12%     34.37% |        5197      3.14%     37.51% |        5188      3.13%     40.64% |        5186      3.13%     43.77% |        5179      3.12%     46.89% |        5164      3.12%     50.01% |        5178      3.12%     53.13% |        5181      3.13%     56.26% |        5182      3.13%     59.39% |        5182      3.13%     62.51% |        5183      3.13%     65.64% |        5200      3.14%     68.78% |        5172      3.12%     71.90% |        5167      3.12%     75.02% |        5177      3.12%     78.14% |        5183      3.13%     81.27% |        5186      3.13%     84.39% |        5172      3.12%     87.52% |        5174      3.12%     90.64% |        5174      3.12%     93.76% |        5183      3.13%     96.89% |        5162      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       165744                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS |          48      2.37%      2.37% |          52      2.57%      4.94% |          60      2.96%      7.90% |          45      2.22%     10.12% |          67      3.31%     13.43% |          53      2.62%     16.04% |          55      2.71%     18.76% |          59      2.91%     21.67% |          49      2.42%     24.09% |          66      3.26%     27.34% |          55      2.71%     30.06% |          68      3.36%     33.42% |          64      3.16%     36.57% |          56      2.76%     39.34% |          69      3.41%     42.74% |          65      3.21%     45.95% |          76      3.75%     49.70% |          61      3.01%     52.71% |          86      4.24%     56.96% |          76      3.75%     60.71% |          76      3.75%     64.46% |          53      2.62%     67.08% |          62      3.06%     70.14% |          69      3.41%     73.54% |          77      3.80%     77.34% |          73      3.60%     80.95% |          71      3.50%     84.45% |          77      3.80%     88.25% |          56      2.76%     91.02% |          62      3.06%     94.08% |          54      2.67%     96.74% |          66      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS::total         2026                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX |          72      2.05%      2.05% |          92      2.62%      4.67% |          70      1.99%      6.67% |          91      2.59%      9.26% |          78      2.22%     11.48% |         102      2.91%     14.39% |          86      2.45%     16.84% |         103      2.94%     19.78% |          78      2.22%     22.00% |          74      2.11%     24.11% |         113      3.22%     27.33% |         119      3.39%     30.72% |         130      3.70%     34.43% |         137      3.90%     38.33% |         135      3.85%     42.18% |         126      3.59%     45.77% |          90      2.56%     48.33% |         133      3.79%     52.12% |         141      4.02%     56.14% |         140      3.99%     60.13% |         123      3.51%     63.64% |         104      2.96%     66.60% |         122      3.48%     70.08% |         138      3.93%     74.01% |         136      3.88%     77.89% |         136      3.88%     81.76% |         135      3.85%     85.61% |         146      4.16%     89.77% |          75      2.14%     91.91% |          98      2.79%     94.70% |          77      2.19%     96.89% |         109      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX::total         3509                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE |         126      2.57%      2.57% |         123      2.51%      5.08% |         128      2.61%      7.69% |         123      2.51%     10.20% |         123      2.51%     12.71% |         141      2.88%     15.59% |         137      2.80%     18.38% |         129      2.63%     21.02% |         143      2.92%     23.93% |         128      2.61%     26.55% |         121      2.47%     29.01% |         161      3.29%     32.30% |         155      3.16%     35.46% |         161      3.29%     38.75% |         170      3.47%     42.22% |         154      3.14%     45.36% |         146      2.98%     48.34% |         129      2.63%     50.97% |         183      3.73%     54.70% |         198      4.04%     58.74% |         178      3.63%     62.38% |         148      3.02%     65.39% |         175      3.57%     68.97% |         192      3.92%     72.88% |         206      4.20%     77.09% |         179      3.65%     80.74% |         186      3.80%     84.53% |         245      5.00%     89.53% |         124      2.53%     92.06% |         137      2.80%     94.86% |         124      2.53%     97.39% |         128      2.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE::total         4901                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |        7425      3.17%      3.17% |        7235      3.09%      6.26% |        7271      3.10%      9.36% |        7301      3.12%     12.48% |        7395      3.16%     15.64% |        7299      3.12%     18.75% |        7309      3.12%     21.87% |        7372      3.15%     25.02% |        7434      3.17%     28.19% |        7263      3.10%     31.29% |        7293      3.11%     34.41% |        7277      3.11%     37.51% |        7450      3.18%     40.70% |        7255      3.10%     43.79% |        7282      3.11%     46.90% |        7315      3.12%     50.02% |        7492      3.20%     53.22% |        7271      3.10%     56.33% |        7257      3.10%     59.43% |        7262      3.10%     62.53% |        7442      3.18%     65.70% |        7314      3.12%     68.82% |        7279      3.11%     71.93% |        7263      3.10%     75.03% |        7405      3.16%     78.19% |        7264      3.10%     81.30% |        7265      3.10%     84.40% |        7203      3.08%     87.47% |        7474      3.19%     90.66% |        7253      3.10%     93.76% |        7334      3.13%     96.89% |        7284      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       234238                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |         154      2.88%      2.88% |         153      2.86%      5.74% |         141      2.64%      8.38% |         154      2.88%     11.26% |         137      2.56%     13.83% |         148      2.77%     16.60% |         161      3.01%     19.61% |         138      2.58%     22.19% |         137      2.56%     24.76% |         147      2.75%     27.51% |         146      2.73%     30.24% |         176      3.29%     33.53% |         184      3.44%     36.98% |         185      3.46%     40.44% |         200      3.74%     44.18% |         180      3.37%     47.55% |         156      2.92%     50.47% |         157      2.94%     53.41% |         164      3.07%     56.47% |         193      3.61%     60.09% |         166      3.11%     63.19% |         168      3.14%     66.34% |         194      3.63%     69.97% |         180      3.37%     73.33% |         190      3.56%     76.89% |         178      3.33%     80.22% |         187      3.50%     83.72% |         196      3.67%     87.39% |         146      2.73%     90.12% |         169      3.16%     93.28% |         184      3.44%     96.73% |         175      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         5344                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |          97      2.22%      2.22% |         109      2.49%      4.71% |         110      2.51%      7.22% |         113      2.58%      9.80% |         104      2.38%     12.18% |         132      3.02%     15.20% |         111      2.54%     17.73% |         134      3.06%     20.80% |         130      2.97%     23.77% |         101      2.31%     26.07% |         116      2.65%     28.72% |         145      3.31%     32.04% |         143      3.27%     35.31% |         159      3.63%     38.94% |         139      3.18%     42.12% |         148      3.38%     45.50% |         137      3.13%     48.63% |         142      3.24%     51.87% |         160      3.66%     55.53% |         190      4.34%     59.87% |         135      3.09%     62.96% |         153      3.50%     66.45% |         140      3.20%     69.65% |         152      3.47%     73.13% |         168      3.84%     76.97% |         171      3.91%     80.87% |         189      4.32%     85.19% |         187      4.27%     89.47% |         106      2.42%     91.89% |         111      2.54%     94.42% |         116      2.65%     97.07% |         128      2.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total         4376                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       51647      6.88%      6.88% |       23535      3.14%     10.02% |       22161      2.95%     12.97% |       23050      3.07%     16.04% |       22458      2.99%     19.04% |       21924      2.92%     21.96% |       21568      2.87%     24.83% |       21498      2.87%     27.70% |       21934      2.92%     30.62% |       22367      2.98%     33.60% |       24099      3.21%     36.81% |       24377      3.25%     40.06% |       22640      3.02%     43.08% |       22083      2.94%     46.02% |       21266      2.83%     48.86% |       21690      2.89%     51.75% |       22748      3.03%     54.78% |       22130      2.95%     57.73% |       22474      3.00%     60.72% |       22500      3.00%     63.72% |       22380      2.98%     66.70% |       24574      3.27%     69.98% |       22023      2.93%     72.91% |       21759      2.90%     75.81% |       22457      2.99%     78.81% |       22608      3.01%     81.82% |       22113      2.95%     84.77% |       22121      2.95%     87.72% |       22175      2.96%     90.67% |       21864      2.91%     93.58% |       22879      3.05%     96.63% |       25261      3.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       750363                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |          71      2.16%      2.16% |          81      2.47%      4.63% |          82      2.50%      7.13% |          88      2.68%      9.81% |          70      2.13%     11.94% |          86      2.62%     14.56% |          81      2.47%     17.03% |          99      3.02%     20.05% |          85      2.59%     22.64% |          75      2.29%     24.92% |          79      2.41%     27.33% |         132      4.02%     31.35% |         110      3.35%     34.70% |         116      3.53%     38.24% |          89      2.71%     40.95% |         107      3.26%     44.21% |         112      3.41%     47.62% |         108      3.29%     50.91% |         123      3.75%     54.66% |         147      4.48%     59.14% |         106      3.23%     62.37% |          94      2.86%     65.23% |          91      2.77%     68.01% |         125      3.81%     71.82% |         134      4.08%     75.90% |         142      4.33%     80.23% |         140      4.27%     84.49% |         154      4.69%     89.18% |          76      2.32%     91.50% |          90      2.74%     94.24% |          90      2.74%     96.98% |          99      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total         3282                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX |          45      2.48%      2.48% |          50      2.76%      5.25% |          37      2.04%      7.29% |          49      2.71%      9.99% |          44      2.43%     12.42% |          45      2.48%     14.91% |          46      2.54%     17.45% |          51      2.82%     20.27% |          52      2.87%     23.14% |          46      2.54%     25.68% |          48      2.65%     28.33% |          54      2.98%     31.31% |          59      3.26%     34.57% |          75      4.14%     38.71% |          52      2.87%     41.58% |          67      3.70%     45.28% |          61      3.37%     48.65% |          61      3.37%     52.02% |          66      3.64%     55.66% |          68      3.75%     59.41% |          56      3.09%     62.51% |          55      3.04%     65.54% |          57      3.15%     68.69% |          75      4.14%     72.83% |          75      4.14%     76.97% |          66      3.64%     80.62% |          69      3.81%     84.43% |          83      4.58%     89.01% |          40      2.21%     91.22% |          51      2.82%     94.04% |          51      2.82%     96.85% |          57      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX::total         1811                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE |           8      1.75%      1.75% |          15      3.28%      5.03% |          13      2.84%      7.88% |          19      4.16%     12.04% |          12      2.63%     14.66% |           9      1.97%     16.63% |          13      2.84%     19.47% |          13      2.84%     22.32% |          11      2.41%     24.73% |           9      1.97%     26.70% |          19      4.16%     30.85% |          21      4.60%     35.45% |          14      3.06%     38.51% |          13      2.84%     41.36% |          16      3.50%     44.86% |          18      3.94%     48.80% |          17      3.72%     52.52% |          14      3.06%     55.58% |           8      1.75%     57.33% |          16      3.50%     60.83% |          19      4.16%     64.99% |          18      3.94%     68.93% |          11      2.41%     71.33% |          24      5.25%     76.59% |          19      4.16%     80.74% |          15      3.28%     84.03% |          13      2.84%     86.87% |           9      1.97%     88.84% |           8      1.75%     90.59% |          13      2.84%     93.44% |          20      4.38%     97.81% |          10      2.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE::total          457                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |        6709      3.22%      3.22% |        6507      3.13%      6.35% |        6487      3.12%      9.47% |        6476      3.11%     12.58% |        6647      3.19%     15.78% |        6517      3.13%     18.91% |        6453      3.10%     22.01% |        6475      3.11%     25.12% |        6519      3.13%     28.26% |        6393      3.07%     31.33% |        6466      3.11%     34.44% |        6469      3.11%     37.55% |        6659      3.20%     40.75% |        6415      3.08%     43.83% |        6496      3.12%     46.95% |        6587      3.17%     50.12% |        6680      3.21%     53.33% |        6400      3.08%     56.41% |        6420      3.09%     59.49% |        6437      3.09%     62.59% |        6541      3.14%     65.73% |        6485      3.12%     68.85% |        6478      3.11%     71.96% |        6468      3.11%     75.07% |        6551      3.15%     78.22% |        6481      3.12%     81.33% |        6444      3.10%     84.43% |        6368      3.06%     87.49% |        6695      3.22%     90.71% |        6389      3.07%     93.78% |        6566      3.16%     96.93% |        6377      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total       208055                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         657      3.21%      3.21% |         642      3.14%      6.35% |         637      3.11%      9.46% |         648      3.17%     12.63% |         648      3.17%     15.80% |         655      3.20%     19.00% |         642      3.14%     22.13% |         627      3.06%     25.20% |         655      3.20%     28.40% |         617      3.02%     31.42% |         637      3.11%     34.53% |         627      3.06%     37.59% |         639      3.12%     40.72% |         631      3.08%     43.80% |         646      3.16%     46.96% |         640      3.13%     50.09% |         638      3.12%     53.20% |         642      3.14%     56.34% |         623      3.04%     59.39% |         617      3.02%     62.40% |         622      3.04%     65.44% |         624      3.05%     68.49% |         655      3.20%     71.69% |         643      3.14%     74.84% |         633      3.09%     77.93% |         637      3.11%     81.04% |         629      3.07%     84.12% |         636      3.11%     87.22% |         654      3.20%     90.42% |         647      3.16%     93.58% |         654      3.20%     96.78% |         659      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        20461                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          54      0.97%      0.97% |          80      1.44%      2.41% |         136      2.45%      4.86% |         178      3.20%      8.07% |          93      1.67%      9.74% |         129      2.32%     12.06% |         211      3.80%     15.86% |         267      4.81%     20.67% |         264      4.75%     25.42% |         240      4.32%     29.74% |         193      3.47%     33.22% |         170      3.06%     36.28% |         139      2.50%     38.78% |         205      3.69%     42.47% |         140      2.52%     44.99% |          82      1.48%     46.47% |         167      3.01%     49.48% |         227      4.09%     53.56% |         190      3.42%     56.99% |         192      3.46%     60.44% |         266      4.79%     65.23% |         188      3.38%     68.62% |         152      2.74%     71.35% |         143      2.57%     73.93% |         209      3.76%     77.69% |         136      2.45%     80.14% |         185      3.33%     83.47% |         196      3.53%     87.00% |         129      2.32%     89.32% |         218      3.93%     93.25% |         120      2.16%     95.41% |         255      4.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         5554                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           1     11.11%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           2     22.22%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1     11.11%     55.56% |           1     11.11%     66.67% |           2     22.22%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |          53      1.02%      1.02% |          77      1.49%      2.51% |         127      2.45%      4.96% |         168      3.25%      8.21% |          84      1.62%      9.83% |         123      2.38%     12.21% |         203      3.92%     16.13% |         247      4.77%     20.90% |         249      4.81%     25.71% |         217      4.19%     29.90% |         181      3.50%     33.40% |         154      2.97%     36.37% |         134      2.59%     38.96% |         188      3.63%     42.59% |         128      2.47%     45.06% |          76      1.47%     46.53% |         153      2.96%     49.49% |         211      4.08%     53.56% |         176      3.40%     56.96% |         175      3.38%     60.34% |         244      4.71%     65.06% |         175      3.38%     68.44% |         137      2.65%     71.08% |         134      2.59%     73.67% |         199      3.84%     77.52% |         129      2.49%     80.01% |         167      3.23%     83.23% |         187      3.61%     86.85% |         121      2.34%     89.18% |         206      3.98%     93.16% |         111      2.14%     95.31% |         243      4.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total         5177                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           1      0.27%      0.27% |           3      0.80%      1.06% |           9      2.39%      3.45% |          10      2.65%      6.10% |           9      2.39%      8.49% |           6      1.59%     10.08% |           8      2.12%     12.20% |          20      5.31%     17.51% |          15      3.98%     21.49% |          23      6.10%     27.59% |          12      3.18%     30.77% |          16      4.24%     35.01% |           5      1.33%     36.34% |          17      4.51%     40.85% |          12      3.18%     44.03% |           6      1.59%     45.62% |          14      3.71%     49.34% |          16      4.24%     53.58% |          14      3.71%     57.29% |          17      4.51%     61.80% |          22      5.84%     67.64% |          13      3.45%     71.09% |          15      3.98%     75.07% |           9      2.39%     77.45% |          10      2.65%     80.11% |           7      1.86%     81.96% |          18      4.77%     86.74% |           9      2.39%     89.12% |           8      2.12%     91.25% |          12      3.18%     94.43% |           9      2.39%     96.82% |          12      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          377                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |          29      2.54%      2.54% |          32      2.80%      5.35% |          31      2.72%      8.06% |          33      2.89%     10.96% |          35      3.07%     14.02% |          35      3.07%     17.09% |          45      3.94%     21.03% |          36      3.16%     24.19% |          36      3.16%     27.34% |          39      3.42%     30.76% |          31      2.72%     33.48% |          36      3.16%     36.63% |          36      3.16%     39.79% |          35      3.07%     42.86% |          40      3.51%     46.36% |          40      3.51%     49.87% |          34      2.98%     52.85% |          40      3.51%     56.35% |          33      2.89%     59.25% |          31      2.72%     61.96% |          45      3.94%     65.91% |          29      2.54%     68.45% |          38      3.33%     71.78% |          29      2.54%     74.32% |          38      3.33%     77.65% |          35      3.07%     80.72% |          32      2.80%     83.52% |          34      2.98%     86.50% |          36      3.16%     89.66% |          39      3.42%     93.08% |          42      3.68%     96.76% |          37      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total         1141                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX |          18      3.47%      3.47% |          14      2.70%      6.18% |          11      2.12%      8.30% |          15      2.90%     11.20% |          18      3.47%     14.67% |           9      1.74%     16.41% |          16      3.09%     19.50% |          15      2.90%     22.39% |          17      3.28%     25.68% |          10      1.93%     27.61% |           9      1.74%     29.34% |          14      2.70%     32.05% |          15      2.90%     34.94% |          13      2.51%     37.45% |          13      2.51%     39.96% |          22      4.25%     44.21% |          19      3.67%     47.88% |          18      3.47%     51.35% |          16      3.09%     54.44% |          15      2.90%     57.34% |          14      2.70%     60.04% |          27      5.21%     65.25% |          16      3.09%     68.34% |          21      4.05%     72.39% |          24      4.63%     77.03% |          14      2.70%     79.73% |          22      4.25%     83.98% |          22      4.25%     88.22% |          18      3.47%     91.70% |          19      3.67%     95.37% |          12      2.32%     97.68% |          12      2.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX::total          518                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE |           8      3.08%      3.08% |           7      2.69%      5.77% |           9      3.46%      9.23% |           6      2.31%     11.54% |           5      1.92%     13.46% |           8      3.08%     16.54% |          12      4.62%     21.15% |          15      5.77%     26.92% |           9      3.46%     30.38% |           6      2.31%     32.69% |           4      1.54%     34.23% |          10      3.85%     38.08% |          10      3.85%     41.92% |           8      3.08%     45.00% |           6      2.31%     47.31% |           9      3.46%     50.77% |          15      5.77%     56.54% |           4      1.54%     58.08% |           7      2.69%     60.77% |          11      4.23%     65.00% |           6      2.31%     67.31% |          10      3.85%     71.15% |          10      3.85%     75.00% |           8      3.08%     78.08% |           8      3.08%     81.15% |          10      3.85%     85.00% |           7      2.69%     87.69% |           3      1.15%     88.85% |           6      2.31%     91.15% |           8      3.08%     94.23% |           7      2.69%     96.92% |           8      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE::total          260                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        7366      3.22%      3.22% |        7149      3.13%      6.35% |        7124      3.12%      9.47% |        7124      3.12%     12.59% |        7295      3.19%     15.78% |        7172      3.14%     18.92% |        7095      3.10%     22.02% |        7102      3.11%     25.13% |        7174      3.14%     28.27% |        7010      3.07%     31.34% |        7103      3.11%     34.45% |        7096      3.11%     37.55% |        7298      3.19%     40.74% |        7046      3.08%     43.83% |        7142      3.13%     46.95% |        7227      3.16%     50.12% |        7318      3.20%     53.32% |        7042      3.08%     56.40% |        7043      3.08%     59.48% |        7054      3.09%     62.57% |        7163      3.13%     65.70% |        7109      3.11%     68.81% |        7133      3.12%     71.94% |        7111      3.11%     75.05% |        7184      3.14%     78.19% |        7118      3.11%     81.31% |        7073      3.10%     84.40% |        7004      3.06%     87.47% |        7349      3.22%     90.68% |        7036      3.08%     93.76% |        7220      3.16%     96.92% |        7036      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total       228516                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      315961     18.01%     18.01% |      877056     50.00%     68.01% |       69828      3.98%     71.99% |       75604      4.31%     76.30% |       69054      3.94%     80.24% |       74721      4.26%     84.50% |       70589      4.02%     88.52% |       76941      4.39%     92.91% |       60087      3.43%     96.34% |       64271      3.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1754112                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      315961     18.01%     18.01% |      877056     50.00%     68.01% |       69828      3.98%     71.99% |       75604      4.31%     76.30% |       69054      3.94%     80.24% |       74721      4.26%     84.50% |       70589      4.02%     88.52% |       76941      4.39%     92.91% |       60087      3.43%     96.34% |       64271      3.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1754112                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      315961     18.01%     18.01% |      877056     50.00%     68.01% |       69828      3.98%     71.99% |       75604      4.31%     76.30% |       69054      3.94%     80.24% |       74721      4.26%     84.50% |       70589      4.02%     88.52% |       76941      4.39%     92.91% |       60087      3.43%     96.34% |       64271      3.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1754112                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      315961     18.01%     18.01% |      877056     50.00%     68.01% |       69828      3.98%     71.99% |       75604      4.31%     76.30% |       69054      3.94%     80.24% |       74721      4.26%     84.50% |       70589      4.02%     88.52% |       76941      4.39%     92.91% |       60087      3.43%     96.34% |       64271      3.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1754112                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
