
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.038019                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 38018844500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5214186923000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  69491                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   124993                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              108815125                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4761060                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   349.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    24279516                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      43671192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4968640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4968640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3964864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        3964864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        77635                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              77635                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        61951                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             61951                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    130688875                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            130688875                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    104286810                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           104286810                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    234975684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           234975684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      77635                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     61951                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    77635                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   61951                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4967168                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                3964800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4968640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             3964864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             5351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             5222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             5045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             5202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             3794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             4183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             4057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        1                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      146                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  38018362500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                77635                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               61951                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  60092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  10399                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    819                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  11521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  11934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                    245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        52889                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   168.859612                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   119.810827                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   175.494821                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        27303     51.62%     51.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12960     24.50%     76.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7633     14.43%     90.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1946      3.68%     94.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1115      2.11%     96.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          623      1.18%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          419      0.79%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          318      0.60%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          572      1.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        52889                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11541                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.724634                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.581328                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11535     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        11541                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11541                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.367819                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.289177                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.150224                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11040     95.66%     95.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           397      3.44%     99.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           81      0.70%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           23      0.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        11541                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1889911114                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             3345136114                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 388060000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    24350.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               43100.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      130.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      104.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   130.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   104.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   53397                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  33267                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                68.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               53.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    272365.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   62.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8567793750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1269320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    28175632500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              200113200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              199682280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              109188750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              108953625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             305089200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             300136200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            199519200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            201852000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         2482789920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         2482789920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        15265494900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        14811949890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0         9416854500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1         9814701000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          27979049670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          27920064915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          736.044158                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          734.492447                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4883008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4883008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3886784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3886784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        76297                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              76297                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60731                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60731                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    128436518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            128436518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    102233091                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           102233091                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    230669609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           230669609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      76297                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60731                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    76297                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60731                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4882240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3886784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4883008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3886784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             5298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             5164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             5091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             4122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             4100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             4036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        3                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      164                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  38018124500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                76297                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60731                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  59448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  10024                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   3214                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1391                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    765                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    464                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                    309                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                    187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                    106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     74                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  12292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  12392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  12099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                    258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        50847                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   172.438885                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   121.679367                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   179.373521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25856     50.85%     50.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12429     24.44%     75.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7574     14.90%     90.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1885      3.71%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1131      2.22%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          611      1.20%     97.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          456      0.90%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          309      0.61%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          596      1.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        50847                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11324                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.736577                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.908048                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11319     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11324                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11324                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.363034                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.283888                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.159784                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10848     95.80%     95.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           374      3.30%     99.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           76      0.67%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           26      0.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11324                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1805939312                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             3236283062                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 381425000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    23673.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               42423.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      128.42                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      102.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   128.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   102.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   52723                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  33435                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                69.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               55.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    277447.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   62.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8927137500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1269320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    27816469500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              193543560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              190784160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              105604125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              104098500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             300729000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             294114600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            196020000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            197419680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         2482789920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         2482789920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        15130399770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        14414193630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0         9535359000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        10163610000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          27944445375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          27847010490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          735.133823                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          732.570606                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4881600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4881600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3886080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3886080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        76275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              76275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60720                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60720                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    128399484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            128399484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    102214574                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           102214574                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    230614058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           230614058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      76275                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60720                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    76275                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60720                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4880640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3885824                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4881600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3886080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             5293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             5164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             5101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             4117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             4114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             4046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      137                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  38018612500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                76275                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60720                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  59681                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   9873                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   3234                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    744                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                    261                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                    162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                     94                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    58                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                    48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                    42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  12374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  12327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  12094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                    228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        50924                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   172.119079                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   121.618994                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   178.541366                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25898     50.86%     50.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12478     24.50%     75.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7561     14.85%     90.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1923      3.78%     93.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1117      2.19%     96.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          601      1.18%     97.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          458      0.90%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          305      0.60%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          583      1.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        50924                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11359                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.712827                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.929090                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11354     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11359                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11359                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.345189                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.273740                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.087537                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10919     96.13%     96.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           353      3.11%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           71      0.63%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           16      0.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11359                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1781680383                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             3211555383                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 381300000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    23363.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               42113.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      128.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      102.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   128.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   102.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   52668                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  33376                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                69.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               54.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    277518.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   62.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8911544500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1269320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    27832247000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              193309200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              191653560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              105476250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              104572875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             300534000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             294138000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            195948720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            197452080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         2482789920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         2482789920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        15019672995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        14543779140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0         9632487750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        10049938500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          27930218835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          27864324075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          734.759566                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          733.026074                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4858752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4858752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3880064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3880064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        75918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              75918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        60626                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             60626                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    127798518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            127798518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    102056337                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           102056337                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    229854855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           229854855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      75920                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     60626                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    75920                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   60626                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4858304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3880000                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4858880                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3880064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             5240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             5150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             5080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             4100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             4097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             4039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        6                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      150                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  38018102000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                75920                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               60626                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  59314                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   9969                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   3187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1346                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    716                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                    264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                    154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                    100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     72                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                    46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  12341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  12336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  12073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                    260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        50483                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   173.068637                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   122.026128                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   180.246237                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25598     50.71%     50.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12434     24.63%     75.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7414     14.69%     90.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1964      3.89%     93.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1108      2.19%     96.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          564      1.12%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          476      0.94%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          314      0.62%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          611      1.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        50483                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11324                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.703462                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    30.949535                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11318     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11324                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11324                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.353674                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.277260                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.139348                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10858     95.88%     95.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           364      3.21%     99.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           79      0.70%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           23      0.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11324                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1811113854                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             3234445104                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 379555000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    23858.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               42608.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      127.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      102.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   127.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   102.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   52464                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  33581                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                69.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               55.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    278427.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   63.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8919473000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1269320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    27824504000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              191041200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              190572480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              104238750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              103983000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             298568400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             293397000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            195495120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            197290080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         2482789920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         2482789920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        14979630780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        14515541910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0         9667612500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        10074708000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          27919376670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          27858282390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          734.474341                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          732.867136                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1360                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1360                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               209                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              209                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          789                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3991                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              430148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              106648                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1817000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          382                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1564672                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          382                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7093848                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 28.454196                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                24.885170                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                22.528085                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7085482     99.88%     99.88% |        6082      0.09%     99.97% |        1608      0.02%     99.99% |         665      0.01%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7093848                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     16452412                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.953364                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.711978                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.219369                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    15043702     91.44%     91.44% |     1339324      8.14%     99.58% |       45422      0.28%     99.85% |       11376      0.07%     99.92% |        6337      0.04%     99.96% |        3418      0.02%     99.98% |        1453      0.01%     99.99% |         982      0.01%    100.00% |         398      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      16452412                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            16452408                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              13.519297                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.093645                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             44.908851                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    16361082     99.44%     99.44% |       72959      0.44%     99.89% |       13301      0.08%     99.97% |        3786      0.02%     99.99% |         938      0.01%    100.00% |         264      0.00%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              16452408                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        15004471                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.001516                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.001308                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.039117                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14981837     99.85%     99.85% |       22514      0.15%    100.00% |         120      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          15004471                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1447937                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        122.511425                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       102.092334                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev        99.451536                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1356611     93.69%     93.69% |       72959      5.04%     98.73% |       13301      0.92%     99.65% |        3786      0.26%     99.91% |         938      0.06%     99.98% |         264      0.02%     99.99% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1447937                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4751360                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2514944                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         547521                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       547521                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits      8535260                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       289060                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      8824320                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      5733193                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123107                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5856300                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       591074                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        15947                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       248888                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1318889                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        39910                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           38                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           38                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits       104802                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       101787                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       206589                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         4315                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        94500                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       139061                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       233561                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        17393                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        90589                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       135918                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       226507                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        17511                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        92046                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       138207                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       230253                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        16763                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        89429                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       134160                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       223589                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        17347                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        91855                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       140931                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       232786                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        16973                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        80853                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       121391                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       202244                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        16125                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        91944                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       124281                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216225                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        16787                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        46294                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27368                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        73662                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        19486                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        25645                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        45131                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        20303                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        25659                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        45962                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        20487                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        25563                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        46050                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        18480                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        25907                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        44387                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        18563                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        25591                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        44154                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        17491                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        25588                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        43079                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        17800                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        25590                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        43390                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        19235                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        25952                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        45187                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        18524                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        25527                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        44051                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        18432                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        25507                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        43939                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        18083                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        25545                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        43628                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        17951                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        25707                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        43658                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17730                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        25906                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        43636                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        20481                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        25565                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        46046                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        17829                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        25477                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        43306                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        17477                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        25465                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        42942                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        18308                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        25893                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        44201                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18440                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        25579                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        44019                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        17657                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        25483                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        43140                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18867                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        25408                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        44275                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        18456                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        25878                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        44334                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19249                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        25526                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        44775                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        18934                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        25520                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        44454                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        20341                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        25517                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        45858                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        22048                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        25444                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        47492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        18313                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        25895                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        44208                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        18374                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        25565                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        43939                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        17675                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        25590                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        43265                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        17230                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        25552                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        42782                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        17796                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        25884                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        43680                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        19715                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        25594                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        45309                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles         3124                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      8308279                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      8308279                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8510355                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8308278                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4271283                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4262010                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      8308278                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.109265                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      5923761                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      5923761                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6156592                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5923761                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3738433                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3718189                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      5923761                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.077906                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      3971763                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      3971763                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4117681                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3971763                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1847530                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1843195                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      3971763                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.052234                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3860247                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3860247                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3982307                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3860247                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1898773                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1895047                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3860247                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.050768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4576117                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4576117                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4852923                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4576117                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2354104                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2345113                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4576117                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.060182                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3944053                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3944053                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4079010                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3944053                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1989895                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1986077                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3944053                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.051870                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4526005                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4526005                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4672889                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4526005                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1986550                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1982845                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4526005                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.059523                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3777753                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3777753                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3898151                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3777753                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1837695                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1834385                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3777753                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.049683                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2771313                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2771313                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2844184                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2771313                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1334924                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1332805                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2771313                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.036447                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      3463847                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      3463847                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3586833                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3463847                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1746178                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1742443                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      3463847                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.045554                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      1693062                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      1693062                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1717820                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1693062                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       809245                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       808350                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      1693062                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.022266                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1185938                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1185938                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1189302                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1185938                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       564310                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       563994                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1185938                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.015597                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1546626                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1546626                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1553318                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1546626                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       810511                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       810090                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1546626                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.020340                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1217022                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1217022                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1221359                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1217021                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       588628                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       588305                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1217021                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.016006                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       740148                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       740148                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       743323                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       740148                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       357563                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       357404                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       740148                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.009734                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1022231                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1022231                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1027510                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1022231                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       476652                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       476539                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1022231                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.013444                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      1405206                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      1405206                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1412315                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1405206                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       607772                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       607590                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      1405206                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.018480                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1133946                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1133946                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1139637                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1133946                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       525299                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       525110                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1133946                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.014913                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1024123                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1024123                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1031955                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1024123                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       466942                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       466723                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1024123                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.013469                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       629330                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       629330                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       632003                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       629330                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       294074                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       293818                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       629330                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.008277                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       664381                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       664381                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       665594                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       664381                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       354705                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       354489                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       664381                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.008738                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       869797                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       869797                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       873351                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       869797                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       471775                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       471433                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       869797                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.011439                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       726660                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       726660                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       728617                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       726660                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       377173                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       376936                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       726660                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.009557                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       419694                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       419694                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       419694                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       419694                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       203991                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       203818                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       419694                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005520                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       619019                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       619019                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       620227                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       619019                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       306660                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       306487                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       619019                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.008141                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       839860                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       839860                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       843358                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       839860                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       451968                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       451656                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       839860                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.011045                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       717669                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       717669                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       719668                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       717669                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       366995                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       366753                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       717669                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.009438                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       430853                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       430853                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       430853                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       430853                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       207435                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       207253                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       430853                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005666                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3053815                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3053815                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3101357                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3053815                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1382169                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1381299                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3053815                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.040162                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      2405425                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      2405425                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2429957                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2405425                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1074840                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1074269                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      2405425                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.031635                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      2677458                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      2677458                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2711411                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2677458                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1186255                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1185582                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      2677458                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.035212                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      2516317                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      2516317                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2550695                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2516317                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1138699                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1137857                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      2516317                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.033093                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5269307     28.08%     28.08% |    11407611     60.80%     88.88% |     2086720     11.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     18763638                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5269309     28.08%     28.08% |    11407612     60.80%     88.88% |     2086720     11.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     18763641                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   141635287                       |   292426052                       |    50631696                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    21224187                       |    52973858                       |     2151440                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   26.879301                       |   25.634294                       |   24.263771                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    4.027890                       |    4.643729                       |    1.031015                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    25.831506                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     4.069013                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         29.900519                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.003904                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.080366      6.68%      6.68% |    0.080237      6.67%     13.36% |    0.080233      6.67%     20.03% |    0.080092      6.66%     26.69% |    0.184010     15.30%     42.00% |    0.183923     15.30%     57.29% |    0.183856     15.29%     72.58% |    0.183792     15.29%     87.87% |    0.036467      3.03%     90.90% |    0.036467      3.03%     93.93% |    0.036462      3.03%     96.97% |    0.036465      3.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.202369                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.029863                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.022021                       |    0.000001                       |    0.008264                       |    0.012474                       |    0.011995                       |    0.012196                       |    0.011626                       |    0.012196                       |    0.010837                       |    0.010971                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005047                       |    0.002719                       |    0.002605                       |    0.002672                       |    0.002622                       |    0.002621                       |    0.002565                       |    0.002540                       |    0.002583                       |    0.002724                       |    0.002784                       |    0.002791                       |    0.002640                       |    0.002644                       |    0.002558                       |    0.002577                       |    0.002691                       |    0.002635                       |    0.002634                       |    0.002609                       |    0.002577                       |    0.002802                       |    0.002585                       |    0.002552                       |    0.002617                       |    0.002637                       |    0.002575                       |    0.002651                       |    0.002621                       |    0.002666                       |    0.002754                       |    0.002899                       |    0.006105                       |    0.005996                       |    0.005994                       |    0.005966                       |    0.000323                       |           0                       |    0.004055                       |    0.011303                       |    0.000910                       |    0.000972                       |    0.000903                       |    0.000966                       |    0.000907                       |    0.000984                       |    0.000768                       |    0.000838                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003013                       |    0.000327                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002899                       |    0.002498                       |    0.009005                       |    0.003005                       |    0.000768                       |    0.003993                       |    0.014271                       |    0.005405                       |           0                       |    0.003028                       |    0.004963                       |           0                       |    0.010151                       |    0.015729                       |    0.006291                       |    0.007417                       |    0.003008                       |    0.000910                       |    0.012969                       |    0.014253                       |    0.013677                       |    0.009957                       |    0.003044                       |    0.000972                       |    0.016134                       |    0.011695                       |    0.008965                       |           0                       |    0.003000                       |    0.004863                       |           0                       |    0.009474                       |    0.007651                       |    0.006647                       |           0                       |    0.003126                       |           0                       |    0.005408                       |    0.003816                       |    0.003247                       |           0                       |    0.003035                       |           0                       |    0.002617                       |    0.002489                       |           0                       |    0.003155                       |           0                       |    0.001845                       |    0.002802                       |    0.003636                       |    0.009153                       |    0.003030                       |    0.000838                       |    0.009208                       |    0.005125                       |    0.014476                       |    0.003725                       |    0.009777                       |    0.003021                       |    0.000903                       |    0.004196                       |    0.014763                       |    0.023105                       |    0.004417                       |    0.031061                       |    0.004571                       |    0.004055                       |    0.008593                       |    0.018563                       |    0.030540                       |    0.011882                       |    0.000003                       |    0.003071                       |    0.011303                       |    0.010924                       |    0.022484                       |    0.017947                       |    0.012173                       |    0.009867                       |    0.002991                       |    0.000966                       |    0.005869                       |    0.016802                       |    0.010230                       |    0.005144                       |           0                       |    0.003033                       |           0                       |    0.002537                       |    0.005277                       |    0.005059                       |    0.004433                       |           0                       |    0.003016                       |           0                       |    0.001708                       |    0.002637                       |    0.003684                       |           0                       |    0.002990                       |           0                       |    0.001014                       |    0.002585                       |    0.002968                       |           0                       |    0.003102                       |           0                       |    0.008051                       |    0.003335                       |    0.004818                       |    0.002959                       |           0                       |    0.003089                       |    0.004862                       |           0                       |    0.005332                       |    0.010952                       |    0.008005                       |    0.002973                       |    0.009624                       |    0.002963                       |    0.000907                       |    0.018877                       |    0.014226                       |    0.009844                       |    0.003084                       |    0.009987                       |    0.002964                       |    0.000984                       |    0.007575                       |    0.015516                       |    0.009659                       |    0.002998                       |           0                       |    0.003168                       |    0.004847                       |           0                       |    0.006215                       |    0.009490                       |    0.006353                       |    0.003020                       |           0                       |    0.003004                       |           0                       |    0.001586                       |    0.005220                       |    0.003179                       |    0.003017                       |           0                       |    0.002987                       |           0                       |    0.000860                       |    0.002575                       |    0.003016                       |           0                       |    0.002968                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002552                       |           0                       |    0.002959                       |           0                       |    0.002220                       |           0                       |    0.004555                       |           0                       |    0.002973                       |           0                       |    0.003003                       |    0.001665                       |    0.005803                       |           0                       |    0.003084                       |           0                       |    0.009022                       |    0.003338                       |    0.003036                       |           0                       |    0.002998                       |           0                       |    0.002456                       |    0.006903                       |    0.002555                       |           0                       |    0.003020                       |           0                       |    0.004205                       |    0.006243                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003017                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005260                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003016                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002651                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.202369                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5454646                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5454646                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       265636                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3960521                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3371787                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     85.134936                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          445360                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29839                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              9674899                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              45193                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             5366895                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             20689                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          9720092                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         5387584                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  15041794                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   65882                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              15107676                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              5863117                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9495                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          5872612                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   5863117                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9495                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               5872612                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 72264467                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20508932                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               30099059                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5454646                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3817147                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              47005247                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          597132                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140386                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       152174                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       211192                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3334                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       309197                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           5862481                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        143531                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3825                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     68629028                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.804589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.161571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         58498314     85.24%     85.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1045088      1.52%     86.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           599074      0.87%     87.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1004865      1.46%     89.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1436126      2.09%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           595217      0.87%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           684636      1.00%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           993755      1.45%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          3771953      5.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     68629028                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.075482                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.416513                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         15637172                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      44366891                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6489497                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       1836895                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         298566                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       52795741                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         298566                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         16323531                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        27451772                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4834312                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           7451999                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      12268841                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       51868851                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         67656                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        4387221                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         394188                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents        7007070                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     59705723                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     121359072                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     75645923                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          164                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      49902262                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9803446                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       133714                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       135672                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          11227494                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      5265329                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      5554616                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1285259                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1146266                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           50633677                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       350497                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          53239800                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143088                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7095984                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11436132                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        48934                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     68629028                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.775762                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.438216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     46576346     67.87%     67.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      8550000     12.46%     80.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5221019      7.61%     87.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3009573      4.39%     92.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2934373      4.28%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1182063      1.72%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       692209      1.01%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289578      0.42%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173867      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     68629028                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           95300     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         601886     78.83%     91.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         66312      8.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       165390      0.31%      0.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      37784394     70.97%     71.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22630      0.04%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52379      0.10%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9800793     18.41%     89.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      5414214     10.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       53239800                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.736736                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              763498                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.014341                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    176015149                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     58086691                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     47683892                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           65                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          290                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       53837876                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              32                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1242036                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1110511                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2630                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         6974                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       396119                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5700060                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         298566                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4773363                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      17965656                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     50984174                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       100403                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       5265329                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      5554616                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       341376                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          90265                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      17714698                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         6974                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124447                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       190162                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       314609                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      52849613                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       9665978                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       324814                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             15036886                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          4386872                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            5370908                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.731336                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               47746386                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              47683912                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          30801859                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          49315555                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.659853                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.624587                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7285422                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       301563                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       279011                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     67477589                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.647195                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.597685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     51263600     75.97%     75.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8046850     11.93%     87.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1860065      2.76%     90.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2150702      3.19%     93.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       746537      1.11%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1048728      1.55%     96.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       694011      1.03%     97.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       278519      0.41%     97.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1388577      2.06%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     67477589                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     24279515                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       43671189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                9313310                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               4154814                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4050116                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          43375370                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       370587                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        81885      0.19%      0.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     34203579     78.32%     78.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        21414      0.05%     78.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        51001      0.12%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      4154814      9.51%     88.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      5158496     11.81%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     43671189                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1388577                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            116987536                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           103069175                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84180                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3635439                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3772805                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            24279515                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              43671189                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.976355                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.976355                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.335981                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.335981                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         78144957                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        37680224                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          20771631                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         16416912                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        24193695                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         125430                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               4882086500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            4882086500.000009                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.68435e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3162184                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        29.944753                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       25.028722                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       28.890216                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3156505     99.82%     99.82% |        3626      0.11%     99.94% |        1378      0.04%     99.98% |         664      0.02%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3162184                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3081325                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        27.880912                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       25.235969                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       16.799229                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3071157     99.67%     99.67% |        7481      0.24%     99.91% |        1847      0.06%     99.97% |         609      0.02%     99.99% |         201      0.01%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3081325                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        850339                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        24.988590                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.153754                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.271006                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       16861      1.98%      1.98% |      103371     12.16%     14.14% |      309653     36.42%     50.55% |      183818     21.62%     72.17% |      181729     21.37%     93.54% |       45193      5.31%     98.86% |        9142      1.08%     99.93% |         517      0.06%     99.99% |          51      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          850339                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          4513251                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           19.840099                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.771918                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          61.535073                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     4458872     98.80%     98.80% |       41931      0.93%     99.72% |        8631      0.19%     99.92% |        2867      0.06%     99.98% |         748      0.02%    100.00% |         162      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            4513251                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3923588                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000725                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000625                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.026998                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3920753     99.93%     99.93% |        2826      0.07%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3923588                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       589663                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     131.888452                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    104.553639                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    120.584144                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      535284     90.78%     90.78% |       41931      7.11%     97.89% |        8631      1.46%     99.35% |        2867      0.49%     99.84% |         748      0.13%     99.97% |         162      0.03%     99.99% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        589663                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          5954774                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           17.514619                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.640970                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          48.685814                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     5920151     99.42%     99.42% |       28920      0.49%     99.90% |        4476      0.08%     99.98% |         897      0.02%     99.99% |         190      0.00%    100.00% |         102      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            5954774                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      5227465                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.003788                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.003267                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.061772                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5207776     99.62%     99.62% |       19578      0.37%    100.00% |         111      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        5227465                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       727309                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     121.809851                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    105.958310                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     83.760079                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      692686     95.24%     95.24% |       28920      3.98%     99.22% |        4476      0.62%     99.83% |         897      0.12%     99.95% |         190      0.03%     99.98% |         102      0.01%     99.99% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        727309                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      5856297                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.695573                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.209504                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      13.984178                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     5843629     99.78%     99.78% |       10620      0.18%     99.97% |        1808      0.03%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |          79      0.00%    100.00% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        5856297                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      5733193                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000591                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5733191    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      5733193                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123104                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.661676                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.434100                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    54.161999                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110436     89.71%     89.71% |       10620      8.63%     98.34% |        1808      1.47%     99.81% |          48      0.04%     99.84% |          79      0.06%     99.91% |          92      0.07%     99.98% |          21      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123104                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       126780                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.525611                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.668026                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    27.576191                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      125496     98.99%     98.99% |        1009      0.80%     99.78% |         246      0.19%     99.98% |           6      0.00%     99.98% |          12      0.01%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       126780                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       118947                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000908                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000784                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.030119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      118839     99.91%     99.91% |         108      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       118947                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         7833                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    92.420273                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.368242                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    69.331092                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        6549     83.61%     83.61% |        1009     12.88%     96.49% |         246      3.14%     99.63% |           6      0.08%     99.71% |          12      0.15%     99.86% |          10      0.13%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         7833                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.958652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.428864                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    32.524834                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         648     99.23%     99.23% |           4      0.61%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    95.321429                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    67.676785                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev   130.711742                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |          23     82.14%     82.14% |           4     14.29%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        11101                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       284072                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       297213                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    17884                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    24533                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                   161073                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    17962                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    24535                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                   187714                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    18075                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    24534                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                   180520                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    18715                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   24537                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                  183735                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   17818                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   24533                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                  177836                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   18248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   26069                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                  185206                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   16795                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   22999                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                  158935                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   17271                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   24532                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                  171052                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    480                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   2630                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    526                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    175                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   2835                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    533                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                    175                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   2856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    537                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                   171                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  2744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   538                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   175                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  2875                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                   492                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   184                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                  2773                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   545                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                   167                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                  2989                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   461                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                   177                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  2918                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                      632                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                       17                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    54317                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                      594                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    68025                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                      738                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    66428                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                      702                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                      10                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   66265                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                     612                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   65285                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                     608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                   66868                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                     661                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                   59543                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                     643                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                      19                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                   63262                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                18364                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                24709                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               163703                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                18488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                24710                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               190549                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                18608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                24709                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               183376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                19252                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               24708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses              186479                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               18356                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               24708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses              180711                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               18740                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               26253                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses              187979                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               17340                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               23166                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses              161924                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               17732                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               24709                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses              173970                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  541443                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  414309                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 2495332                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  492948                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  371169                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 2091685                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  540608                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  414718                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                 2225721                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                  504287                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                 367547                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                2086861                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                 548115                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                 415558                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                2204522                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles             4295463405                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles             4295362705                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles             4297050297                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles             4295585139                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles             4295435533                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles             4297298865                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles             4295542309                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles             4295425488                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles             4297302356                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   12028                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   20485                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   81867                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   12108                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   20486                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   95289                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   12184                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   20485                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   91704                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   12608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  93255                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  12020                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  90367                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  12272                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  21765                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                  94003                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                  11356                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  19206                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                  80972                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  11616                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                  20485                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  86994                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   6336                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  81836                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   6380                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  95260                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   6424                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  91672                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   6644                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 93224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  6336                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 90344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                  6468                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  4488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                 93976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  5984                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  3960                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                 80952                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  6116                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 86976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                11865                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                20390                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                79237                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                11918                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                20391                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                92454                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                12000                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                20390                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                88848                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                12411                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               20394                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               90511                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               11806                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               20389                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               87492                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               12087                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               21666                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits               91230                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits               11158                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               19115                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits               77983                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               11452                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits               20389                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               84076                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                163                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                 95                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               2630                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                190                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 95                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               2835                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                184                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                 95                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               2856                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                197                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses                90                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              2744                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               214                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses                95                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              2875                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses               185                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses                99                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses              2773                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               198                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses                91                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses              2989                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               164                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses                96                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses              2918                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                6019                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                4143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               81836                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                6044                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               95260                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                6075                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               91672                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                6304                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               4143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              93224                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               6012                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              90344                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               6161                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               4403                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits              93976                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               5637                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               3884                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits              80952                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               5819                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               4143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits              86976                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               317                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                81                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               336                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               349                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               340                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses               81                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              324                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses               80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses              307                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses               85                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses              347                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses               76                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              297                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses               81                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      144                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      276                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      145                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      303                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      146                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                      294                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                      151                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                     293                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                     144                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                     288                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                     147                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                      17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                     298                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                     136                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                     268                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                     139                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                     284                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2141294                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2618499                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                4778895                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2143302                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2578765                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                4755586                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2137634                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2593608                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                4751934                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                2135258                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               2552286                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               4751997                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2146399                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2575472                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               4759144                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2135007                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               2701374                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               4757074                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               2142397                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               2609600                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles               4755858                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               2139167                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               2713683                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               4761996                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    2304                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    2208                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    2320                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    2424                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    2336                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                    2352                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                    2416                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                   2344                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                   2304                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                   2304                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                   2352                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                   2384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                   2176                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    480                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                   2144                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                   2224                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                   2272                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               1416166                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               2423925                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               4412515                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1486405                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2392175                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               4351748                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               1446317                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2402437                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               4346162                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               1497613                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              2365818                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              4365933                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1490326                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              2386987                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              4378315                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1508332                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              2502440                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              4372230                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              1310195                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              2413535                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles              4359086                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              1356951                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              2511589                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              4392686                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             128919                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             183264                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             129375                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             201193                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             130478                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             195216                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             134176                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            194552                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            127820                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            191232                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            130274                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            143616                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            197875                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            123206                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            126720                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            177952                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            124429                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            188576                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2324400                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              1440334                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3217731                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2197754                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              1407001                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              3079292                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2277529                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              1429590                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              3145306                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2199589                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             1394788                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             3083417                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             2236667                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             1423813                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             3110943                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2189407                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles             1478261                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles             3039465                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles             2507962                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles             1459259                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles             3217016                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles             2421082                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles             1491993                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles             3170996                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          1416166                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          2423925                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          4412515                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1486405                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2392175                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          4351748                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          1446317                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2402437                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          4346162                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          1497613                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         2365818                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         4365933                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1490326                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         2386987                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         4378315                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1508332                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         2502440                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         4372230                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         1310195                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         2413535                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time         4359086                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         1356951                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         2511589                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         4392686                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        114597                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        183182                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        116149                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        201097                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        116746                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        195111                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        121490                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       194421                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       115798                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       191143                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       118423                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       143616                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       197787                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       107015                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       126720                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time       177896                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       110509                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       188517                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         1688587                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1440334                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         3185042                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1650453                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         1407001                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         3052393                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         1679297                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1429590                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         3103295                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         1648975                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        1394788                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        3047036                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        1684959                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        1423813                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        3081707                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        1663392                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time        1478261                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time        3019743                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time        1729337                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time        1459259                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time        3170499                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time        1706367                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time        1491993                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time        3148569                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2128890                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2601603                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            4756791                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2130691                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2561869                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            4732063                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2125195                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2576712                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            4728772                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2122415                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2535390                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           4728774                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2133811                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2558576                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           4736212                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2122064                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           2683422                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           4733585                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           2131382                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           2593760                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time           4735266                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           2128068                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           2696787                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           4739840                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles              3044                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              7004                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles              9180                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles             13812                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles              4563                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles            631013                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles              9079                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles            19491                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             9826                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles             3974                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles             1230                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles            18105                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles             9864                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles             4533                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles             4392                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles             1252                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          66368479                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          73316403                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          68522832                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles          66368609                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles          73316399                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles          68522967                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          66368482                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles          73316405                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles          68547498                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles          66368699                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles         73316401                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         68523059                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles         66368595                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles         73316410                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles         68522704                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles         66368481                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         73316406                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles         68522977                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles         66368562                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles         73316422                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles         68522737                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         66368495                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles         73316418                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles         68522580                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2098507                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2618864                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          4081282                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2100368                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2578968                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          4055760                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2095488                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2593978                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          4059478                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2093520                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2552475                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         4054095                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2103123                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2575838                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         4066905                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2094376                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         2701594                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         4059765                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         2100663                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2609901                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         4072755                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         2097960                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         2714053                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         4063255                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               330                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               833                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               355                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               881                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               359                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               872                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               372                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              850                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              414                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              872                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              325                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              177                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              864                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              380                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              157                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0              863                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              332                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              862                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              5537                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              4134                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             29316                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              5621                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             29189                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              5511                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1             27228                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              5767                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             4142                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1            28853                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             5524                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1            27062                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             5720                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             4403                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1            29017                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             5141                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             3873                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1            23535                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             5305                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             4133                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1            25770                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              5738                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              5687                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             17049                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              6495                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              5900                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             20661                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              5508                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              5675                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             18774                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              6614                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             5875                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            20383                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             5739                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             5679                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2            18899                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             6676                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2             6277                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2            20876                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             4112                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             5065                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2            14820                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2             4653                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             5557                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2            16496                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles             245                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles             928                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles            9708                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles             171                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles             276                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles            8018                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles             325                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles             945                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles            4105                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles             230                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles            486                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles           7662                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles            263                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles            956                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles           5463                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles            132                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles            706                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles           6512                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles            563                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles           1233                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles           5446                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles            296                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles           1215                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles           6887                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       77609     25.35%     25.35% |       76297     24.93%     50.28% |       76275     24.92%     75.20% |       75920     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       306101                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56041     25.43%     25.43% |       54814     24.87%     50.31% |       54800     24.87%     75.18% |       54703     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       220358                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       77635     25.36%     25.36% |       76297     24.92%     50.28% |       76275     24.92%     75.20% |       75918     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       306125                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       61951     25.39%     25.39% |       60731     24.89%     50.27% |       60720     24.88%     75.16% |       60625     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       244027                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           81                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6112     25.00%     25.00% |        6112     25.00%     50.00% |        6112     25.00%     75.00% |        6112     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24448                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       13376     25.25%     25.25% |       13291     25.09%     50.34% |       13283     25.07%     75.41% |       13025     24.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        52975                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       77609     25.35%     25.35% |       76297     24.93%     50.28% |       76275     24.92%     75.20% |       75920     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       306101                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       55784     25.41%     25.41% |       54619     24.88%     50.29% |       54608     24.88%     75.17% |       54514     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       219525                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       13376     25.25%     25.25% |       13291     25.09%     50.34% |       13283     25.07%     75.41% |       13025     24.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        52975                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       77609     25.35%     25.35% |       76297     24.93%     50.28% |       76275     24.92%     75.20% |       75918     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       306099                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       55784     25.41%     25.41% |       54619     24.88%     50.29% |       54608     24.88%     75.17% |       54513     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       219524                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          778                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3540931     78.43%     78.43% |          38      0.00%     78.43% |      114286      2.53%     80.96% |      127791      2.83%     83.79% |      124278      2.75%     86.55% |      126253      2.80%     89.34% |      122785      2.72%     92.06% |      127950      2.83%     94.90% |      111451      2.47%     97.36% |      119014      2.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      4514777                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     5856356    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      5856356                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     5285043     86.88%     86.88% |           0      0.00%     86.88% |       92303      1.52%     88.40% |      105770      1.74%     90.14% |      102229      1.68%     91.82% |      104000      1.71%     93.53% |      100804      1.66%     95.19% |      104836      1.72%     96.91% |       90793      1.49%     98.40% |       97211      1.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      6082989                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13421      3.99%      3.99% |          38      0.01%      4.00% |       32384      9.63%     13.64% |       42456     12.63%     26.27% |       41207     12.26%     38.53% |       40610     12.08%     50.61% |       40714     12.11%     62.72% |       39452     11.74%     74.46% |       43440     12.92%     87.39% |       42400     12.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       336122                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      410350     56.12%     56.12% |           0      0.00%     56.12% |       38667      5.29%     61.40% |       41428      5.67%     67.07% |       41042      5.61%     72.68% |       41632      5.69%     78.38% |       40330      5.52%     83.89% |       42084      5.76%     89.65% |       36882      5.04%     94.69% |       38827      5.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       731242                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       20048      7.29%      7.29% |       38585     14.03%     21.32% |       37883     13.77%     35.09% |       38832     14.12%     49.20% |       36785     13.37%     62.58% |       41276     15.01%     77.58% |       30051     10.92%     88.51% |       31618     11.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       275078                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          30      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       18181      7.60%      7.62% |       35128     14.69%     22.30% |       32385     13.54%     35.85% |       33087     13.84%     49.68% |       30025     12.56%     62.24% |       31387     13.13%     75.36% |       29455     12.32%     87.68% |       29461     12.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       239139                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2919      9.99%      9.99% |        3749     12.83%     22.82% |        4042     13.83%     36.65% |        3667     12.55%     49.20% |        3778     12.93%     62.13% |        3685     12.61%     74.74% |        3520     12.05%     86.78% |        3862     13.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        29222                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      141777     54.10%     54.10% |          11      0.00%     54.10% |       12334      4.71%     58.81% |       16280      6.21%     65.02% |       15760      6.01%     71.03% |       15847      6.05%     77.08% |       15133      5.77%     82.86% |       16204      6.18%     89.04% |       13845      5.28%     94.32% |       14881      5.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       262072                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27      0.01%      0.01% |       26606     11.13%     11.14% |       31380     13.12%     24.26% |       30476     12.74%     37.00% |       30812     12.88%     49.89% |       31618     13.22%     63.11% |       32524     13.60%     76.71% |       28341     11.85%     88.56% |       27355     11.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       239139                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      270367     38.04%     38.04% |           0      0.00%     38.04% |       42915      6.04%     44.08% |       57320      8.07%     52.15% |       57169      8.04%     60.19% |       57823      8.14%     68.33% |       56158      7.90%     76.23% |       57232      8.05%     84.28% |       55347      7.79%     92.07% |       56341      7.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       710672                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       22205      7.96%      7.96% |       40824     14.64%     22.61% |       39202     14.06%     36.67% |       40325     14.46%     51.13% |       35674     12.80%     63.93% |       40809     14.64%     78.57% |       29004     10.40%     88.97% |       30744     11.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       278787                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       19932      8.44%      8.45% |       34081     14.44%     22.89% |       32513     13.77%     36.66% |       33725     14.29%     50.95% |       31251     13.24%     64.19% |       34971     14.81%     79.00% |       23858     10.11%     89.11% |       25704     10.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       236054                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      287595     60.18%     60.18% |           0      0.00%     60.18% |       27332      5.72%     65.90% |       22395      4.69%     70.59% |       22961      4.80%     75.39% |       22916      4.80%     80.19% |       23869      4.99%     85.18% |       23258      4.87%     90.05% |       23681      4.96%     95.01% |       23857      4.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       477864                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      141790     36.24%     36.24% |          38      0.01%     36.25% |       29739      7.60%     43.85% |       32463      8.30%     52.14% |       32040      8.19%     60.33% |       32445      8.29%     68.62% |       31402      8.03%     76.65% |       32788      8.38%     85.03% |       28507      7.29%     92.31% |       30084      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       391296                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122585    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122585                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      146861     66.04%     66.04% |           0      0.00%     66.04% |        9440      4.24%     70.29% |        9477      4.26%     74.55% |        9514      4.28%     78.83% |        9699      4.36%     83.19% |        9440      4.24%     87.43% |        9808      4.41%     91.84% |        8887      4.00%     95.84% |        9255      4.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       222381                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11168     43.06%     43.06% |           0      0.00%     43.06% |        1823      7.03%     50.09% |        1852      7.14%     57.23% |        1859      7.17%     64.40% |        1845      7.11%     71.51% |        1870      7.21%     78.72% |        1836      7.08%     85.80% |        1812      6.99%     92.79% |        1871      7.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        25936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         357      0.18%      0.18% |           0      0.00%      0.18% |       18309      9.23%      9.41% |       26266     13.24%     22.65% |       25891     13.05%     35.70% |       26265     13.24%     48.94% |       26700     13.46%     62.40% |       27916     14.07%     76.48% |       23032     11.61%     88.09% |       23632     11.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       198368                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         522    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          522                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          33      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       26857      8.93%      8.95% |       39831     13.25%     22.20% |       39380     13.10%     35.30% |       39081     13.00%     48.30% |       38506     12.81%     61.11% |       38509     12.81%     73.92% |       39748     13.22%     87.14% |       38659     12.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       300604                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         575      0.72%      0.72% |           0      0.00%      0.72% |        5014      6.30%      7.02% |       12392     15.57%     22.59% |       11338     14.24%     36.83% |       11590     14.56%     51.39% |        9784     12.29%     63.68% |       11843     14.88%     78.56% |        8019     10.07%     88.64% |        9046     11.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        79601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        6870      3.97%      3.97% |           0      0.00%      3.97% |       14734      8.51%     12.47% |       22558     13.02%     25.50% |       22057     12.73%     38.23% |       22313     12.88%     51.11% |       20323     11.73%     62.85% |       20810     12.01%     74.86% |       21760     12.56%     87.42% |       21782     12.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       173207                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     5733193    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      5733193                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       17442      8.22%      8.23% |       31024     14.62%     22.85% |       29093     13.71%     36.56% |       30717     14.48%     51.04% |       28112     13.25%     64.29% |       31910     15.04%     79.33% |       21217     10.00%     89.32% |       22651     10.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       212185                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1332      0.44%      0.44% |          27      0.01%      0.45% |       30116      9.92%     10.37% |       39880     13.13%     23.50% |       38688     12.74%     36.24% |       38062     12.53%     48.77% |       38160     12.57%     61.34% |       36972     12.18%     73.51% |       40726     13.41%     86.93% |       39701     13.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       303664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122043     70.29%     70.29% |           0      0.00%     70.29% |        6321      3.64%     73.93% |        6641      3.82%     77.75% |        6743      3.88%     81.63% |        7126      4.10%     85.74% |        6677      3.85%     89.58% |        6983      4.02%     93.60% |        5182      2.98%     96.59% |        5924      3.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       173640                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1387419     90.48%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |       17462      1.14%     91.62% |       18923      1.23%     92.85% |       18568      1.21%     94.06% |       18725      1.22%     95.28% |       18161      1.18%     96.47% |       19965      1.30%     97.77% |       16353      1.07%     98.83% |       17876      1.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1533452                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       21204     25.39%     25.39% |           0      0.00%     25.39% |        6318      7.57%     32.96% |        8714     10.44%     43.40% |        8289      9.93%     53.32% |        8433     10.10%     63.42% |        7850      9.40%     72.83% |        8179      9.80%     82.62% |        7034      8.42%     91.05% |        7477      8.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        83498                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         603     98.21%     98.21% |          11      1.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          614                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      119854     77.65%     77.65% |           0      0.00%     77.65% |        4303      2.79%     80.43% |        4305      2.79%     83.22% |        4338      2.81%     86.03% |        4300      2.79%     88.82% |        4296      2.78%     91.60% |        4634      3.00%     94.61% |        4008      2.60%     97.20% |        4319      2.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       154357                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1394      6.63%      6.63% |        2942     13.99%     20.62% |        2846     13.54%     34.16% |        2795     13.29%     47.45% |        2668     12.69%     60.14% |        3104     14.76%     74.90% |        2484     11.81%     86.72% |        2793     13.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        21026                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2002970     90.35%     90.35% |           0      0.00%     90.35% |       34042      1.54%     91.88% |       27581      1.24%     93.13% |       25722      1.16%     94.29% |       26505      1.20%     95.48% |       26199      1.18%     96.67% |       26471      1.19%     97.86% |       21799      0.98%     98.84% |       25640      1.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2216929                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     5116797     97.20%     97.20% |           0      0.00%     97.20% |       32246      0.61%     97.81% |       16724      0.32%     98.13% |       15953      0.30%     98.43% |       16070      0.31%     98.74% |       16896      0.32%     99.06% |       16430      0.31%     99.37% |       13907      0.26%     99.64% |       19169      0.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      5264192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         318     98.15%     98.15% |           0      0.00%     98.15% |           0      0.00%     98.15% |           0      0.00%     98.15% |           6      1.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          324                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      167741     51.85%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |       23029      7.12%     58.97% |       18090      5.59%     64.56% |       18623      5.76%     70.32% |       18616      5.75%     76.07% |       19573      6.05%     82.12% |       18624      5.76%     87.88% |       19673      6.08%     93.96% |       19538      6.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       323507                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       20048      7.29%      7.29% |       38577     14.02%     21.31% |       37883     13.77%     35.09% |       38830     14.12%     49.20% |       36785     13.37%     62.58% |       41276     15.01%     77.58% |       30050     10.92%     88.51% |       31617     11.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       275066                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          30      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       16787      7.70%      7.71% |       32186     14.76%     22.47% |       29539     13.54%     36.01% |       30291     13.89%     49.90% |       27357     12.54%     62.44% |       28281     12.97%     75.41% |       26970     12.37%     87.77% |       26667     12.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total       218108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16      6.93%      6.93% |          32     13.85%     20.78% |          32     13.85%     34.63% |          44     19.05%     53.68% |          45     19.48%     73.16% |          20      8.66%     81.82% |          23      9.96%     91.77% |          19      8.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total          231                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         127    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      141777     54.10%     54.10% |          11      0.00%     54.10% |       12334      4.71%     58.81% |       16280      6.21%     65.02% |       15760      6.01%     71.03% |       15847      6.05%     77.08% |       15133      5.77%     82.86% |       16204      6.18%     89.04% |       13845      5.28%     94.32% |       14881      5.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       262072                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27      0.01%      0.01% |       26606     11.13%     11.14% |       31380     13.12%     24.26% |       30476     12.74%     37.00% |       30812     12.88%     49.89% |       31618     13.22%     63.11% |       32524     13.60%     76.71% |       28341     11.85%     88.56% |       27355     11.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       239139                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123473     58.43%     58.43% |           0      0.00%     58.43% |        9092      4.30%     62.73% |       11037      5.22%     67.95% |       11663      5.52%     73.47% |       12007      5.68%     79.15% |       11306      5.35%     84.50% |       11956      5.66%     90.16% |        9330      4.42%     94.58% |       11461      5.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       211325                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2919      9.99%      9.99% |        3749     12.83%     22.82% |        4042     13.83%     36.65% |        3667     12.55%     49.20% |        3778     12.93%     62.13% |        3685     12.61%     74.74% |        3520     12.05%     86.78% |        3862     13.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total        29222                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      146894     29.43%     29.43% |           0      0.00%     29.43% |       33807      6.77%     36.20% |       46251      9.27%     45.47% |       45474      9.11%     54.58% |       45772      9.17%     63.75% |       44807      8.98%     72.73% |       45256      9.07%     81.80% |       45994      9.22%     91.01% |       44861      8.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       499116                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1793     11.81%     11.81% |        1977     13.02%     24.83% |        1591     10.48%     35.31% |        1517      9.99%     45.30% |        1188      7.82%     53.13% |        1314      8.65%     61.78% |        3324     21.89%     83.67% |        2479     16.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        15183                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         429      8.01%      8.01% |         692     12.93%     20.94% |         622     11.62%     32.56% |         659     12.31%     44.87% |         639     11.94%     56.81% |         624     11.66%     68.47% |         879     16.42%     84.89% |         809     15.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total         5353                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       20412      7.74%      7.74% |       38847     14.74%     22.48% |       37611     14.27%     36.75% |       38808     14.72%     51.47% |       34486     13.08%     64.55% |       39495     14.98%     79.54% |       25680      9.74%     89.28% |       28265     10.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total       263604                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       19932      8.44%      8.45% |       34081     14.44%     22.89% |       32513     13.77%     36.66% |       33725     14.29%     50.95% |       31251     13.24%     64.19% |       34971     14.81%     79.00% |       23858     10.11%     89.11% |       25704     10.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total       236054                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16      6.93%      6.93% |          32     13.85%     20.78% |          32     13.85%     34.63% |          44     19.05%     53.68% |          45     19.48%     73.16% |          20      8.66%     81.82% |          23      9.96%     91.77% |          19      8.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total          231                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1525    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1525                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         129    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      8.33%     91.67% |           1      8.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           2     40.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      287595     60.19%     60.19% |           0      0.00%     60.19% |       27332      5.72%     65.91% |       22387      4.68%     70.59% |       22961      4.81%     75.40% |       22913      4.80%     80.19% |       23869      5.00%     85.19% |       23256      4.87%     90.05% |       23679      4.96%     95.01% |       23855      4.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       477847                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     47.06%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           3     17.65%     64.71% |           0      0.00%     64.71% |           2     11.76%     76.47% |           2     11.76%     88.24% |           2     11.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total           17                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3826      3.11%      3.11% |        3774      3.07%      6.17% |        3474      2.82%      9.00% |        3488      2.83%     11.83% |        3535      2.87%     14.70% |        4041      3.28%     17.98% |        3713      3.02%     21.00% |        3294      2.68%     23.67% |        3535      2.87%     26.54% |        5127      4.16%     30.71% |        3880      3.15%     33.86% |        3783      3.07%     36.93% |        3543      2.88%     39.81% |        4269      3.47%     43.28% |        3863      3.14%     46.42% |        3769      3.06%     49.48% |        4083      3.32%     52.80% |        4108      3.34%     56.13% |        3604      2.93%     59.06% |        3284      2.67%     61.73% |        3063      2.49%     64.21% |        3646      2.96%     67.18% |        3495      2.84%     70.02% |        3386      2.75%     72.77% |        3604      2.93%     75.69% |        3631      2.95%     78.64% |        3246      2.64%     81.28% |        4532      3.68%     84.96% |        3914      3.18%     88.14% |        5150      4.18%     92.32% |        5001      4.06%     96.38% |        4451      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123112                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       45049      7.48%      7.48% |       18644      3.10%     10.58% |       17787      2.95%     13.53% |       18538      3.08%     16.61% |       17855      2.96%     19.57% |       17584      2.92%     22.49% |       17345      2.88%     25.37% |       17286      2.87%     28.24% |       17483      2.90%     31.15% |       17871      2.97%     34.11% |       19755      3.28%     37.39% |       19501      3.24%     40.63% |       18304      3.04%     43.67% |       17802      2.96%     46.63% |       17149      2.85%     49.48% |       17381      2.89%     52.36% |       18484      3.07%     55.43% |       17708      2.94%     58.37% |       17968      2.98%     61.35% |       17904      2.97%     64.33% |       17892      2.97%     67.30% |       19045      3.16%     70.46% |       17521      2.91%     73.37% |       17313      2.87%     76.25% |       17742      2.95%     79.19% |       17998      2.99%     82.18% |       17544      2.91%     85.09% |       17064      2.83%     87.93% |       17638      2.93%     90.86% |       17119      2.84%     93.70% |       17759      2.95%     96.65% |       20194      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       602227                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       18826      3.49%      3.49% |       16908      3.14%      6.63% |       16506      3.06%      9.69% |       16692      3.10%     12.79% |       16862      3.13%     15.92% |       16599      3.08%     19.00% |       16373      3.04%     22.03% |       16440      3.05%     25.08% |       16738      3.11%     28.19% |       16522      3.07%     31.25% |       16553      3.07%     34.32% |       17110      3.17%     37.50% |       16760      3.11%     40.61% |       16506      3.06%     43.67% |       16394      3.04%     46.71% |       16505      3.06%     49.77% |       16713      3.10%     52.87% |       16545      3.07%     55.94% |       16779      3.11%     59.05% |       16932      3.14%     62.20% |       16800      3.12%     65.31% |       17684      3.28%     68.59% |       16622      3.08%     71.68% |       16687      3.10%     74.77% |       17147      3.18%     77.95% |       16847      3.13%     81.08% |       16799      3.12%     84.19% |       17265      3.20%     87.40% |       16821      3.12%     90.52% |       16749      3.11%     93.63% |       17243      3.20%     96.82% |       17120      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       539047                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |        6707      3.15%      3.15% |        6577      3.09%      6.23% |        6658      3.12%      9.36% |        6575      3.09%     12.45% |        6693      3.14%     15.59% |        6615      3.10%     18.69% |        6631      3.11%     21.80% |        6596      3.10%     24.90% |        6739      3.16%     28.06% |        6571      3.08%     31.15% |        6629      3.11%     34.26% |        6674      3.13%     37.39% |        6742      3.16%     40.55% |        6590      3.09%     43.65% |        6646      3.12%     46.77% |        6645      3.12%     49.89% |        6818      3.20%     53.09% |        6592      3.09%     56.18% |        6614      3.10%     59.28% |        6659      3.13%     62.41% |        6837      3.21%     65.62% |        6620      3.11%     68.73% |        6614      3.10%     71.83% |        6671      3.13%     74.96% |        6819      3.20%     78.16% |        6650      3.12%     81.28% |        6638      3.12%     84.40% |        6633      3.11%     87.51% |        6767      3.18%     90.69% |        6639      3.12%     93.80% |        6637      3.12%     96.92% |        6567      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total       213063                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       42872      8.97%      8.97% |       15000      3.14%     12.11% |       13671      2.86%     14.97% |       14591      3.05%     18.02% |       13817      2.89%     20.92% |       13447      2.81%     23.73% |       13069      2.73%     26.47% |       13109      2.74%     29.21% |       13312      2.79%     31.99% |       13874      2.90%     34.90% |       15625      3.27%     38.17% |       15918      3.33%     41.50% |       14017      2.93%     44.43% |       13643      2.86%     47.29% |       12809      2.68%     49.97% |       13200      2.76%     52.73% |       14157      2.96%     55.69% |       13673      2.86%     58.55% |       14020      2.93%     61.49% |       14047      2.94%     64.43% |       13691      2.87%     67.29% |       16129      3.38%     70.67% |       13600      2.85%     73.51% |       13289      2.78%     76.29% |       13751      2.88%     79.17% |       14128      2.96%     82.13% |       13665      2.86%     84.99% |       13630      2.85%     87.84% |       13523      2.83%     90.67% |       13332      2.79%     93.46% |       14446      3.02%     96.48% |       16808      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       477863                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           2     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1      8.33%     25.00% |           1      8.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      8.33%     41.67% |           1      8.33%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      8.33%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           1      8.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      8.33%     75.00% |           1      8.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      8.33%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           1      8.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        8038      3.66%      3.66% |        6815      3.11%      6.77% |        6847      3.12%      9.89% |        6807      3.10%     13.00% |        6788      3.09%     16.09% |        6806      3.10%     19.20% |        6791      3.10%     22.29% |        6802      3.10%     25.39% |        6822      3.11%     28.50% |        6831      3.11%     31.62% |        6856      3.13%     34.74% |        6831      3.11%     37.86% |        6818      3.11%     40.97% |        6846      3.12%     44.09% |        6818      3.11%     47.20% |        6812      3.11%     50.30% |        6853      3.12%     53.43% |        6827      3.11%     56.54% |        6833      3.12%     59.66% |        6832      3.11%     62.77% |        6820      3.11%     65.88% |        6856      3.13%     69.01% |        6824      3.11%     72.12% |        6785      3.09%     75.21% |        6802      3.10%     78.31% |        6813      3.11%     81.42% |        6796      3.10%     84.52% |        6789      3.10%     87.61% |        6789      3.10%     90.71% |        6781      3.09%     93.80% |        6792      3.10%     96.90% |        6807      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       219327                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        1813      3.41%      3.41% |        1699      3.20%      6.60% |        1729      3.25%      9.86% |        1673      3.15%     13.00% |        1676      3.15%     16.15% |        1667      3.14%     19.29% |        1671      3.14%     22.43% |        1655      3.11%     25.54% |        1671      3.14%     28.69% |        1704      3.20%     31.89% |        1690      3.18%     35.07% |        1644      3.09%     38.16% |        1691      3.18%     41.34% |        1684      3.17%     44.51% |        1700      3.20%     47.71% |        1645      3.09%     50.80% |        1659      3.12%     53.92% |        1644      3.09%     57.01% |        1634      3.07%     60.09% |        1622      3.05%     63.14% |        1626      3.06%     66.19% |        1641      3.09%     69.28% |        1625      3.06%     72.34% |        1615      3.04%     75.37% |        1654      3.11%     78.48% |        1675      3.15%     81.63% |        1665      3.13%     84.76% |        1619      3.04%     87.81% |        1640      3.08%     90.89% |        1621      3.05%     93.94% |        1620      3.05%     96.99% |        1601      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total        53173                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10967      3.58%      3.58% |        9564      3.12%      6.71% |        9624      3.14%      9.85% |        9528      3.11%     12.96% |        9512      3.11%     16.07% |        9521      3.11%     19.18% |        9510      3.11%     22.29% |        9505      3.11%     25.39% |        9541      3.12%     28.51% |        9583      3.13%     31.64% |        9593      3.13%     34.78% |        9521      3.11%     37.89% |        9556      3.12%     41.01% |        9577      3.13%     44.14% |        9565      3.12%     47.26% |        9504      3.10%     50.37% |        9559      3.12%     53.49% |        9519      3.11%     56.60% |        9515      3.11%     59.71% |        9502      3.10%     62.81% |        9494      3.10%     65.91% |        9546      3.12%     69.03% |        9497      3.10%     72.13% |        9447      3.09%     75.22% |        9504      3.10%     78.33% |        9537      3.12%     81.44% |        9510      3.11%     84.55% |        9454      3.09%     87.64% |        9476      3.10%     90.73% |        9450      3.09%     93.82% |        9461      3.09%     96.91% |        9457      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       306099                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9943      3.64%      3.64% |        8540      3.12%      6.76% |        8600      3.15%      9.91% |        8504      3.11%     13.02% |        8488      3.11%     16.13% |        8497      3.11%     19.23% |        8486      3.10%     22.34% |        8481      3.10%     25.44% |        8517      3.12%     28.56% |        8559      3.13%     31.69% |        8569      3.14%     34.82% |        8497      3.11%     37.93% |        8532      3.12%     41.05% |        8553      3.13%     44.18% |        8541      3.12%     47.31% |        8480      3.10%     50.41% |        8535      3.12%     53.53% |        8495      3.11%     56.64% |        8491      3.11%     59.75% |        8478      3.10%     62.85% |        8470      3.10%     65.95% |        8522      3.12%     69.07% |        8473      3.10%     72.17% |        8423      3.08%     75.25% |        8480      3.10%     78.35% |        8513      3.11%     81.46% |        8486      3.10%     84.57% |        8430      3.08%     87.65% |        8452      3.09%     90.75% |        8426      3.08%     93.83% |        8437      3.09%     96.91% |        8433      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       273331                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        7003      3.21%      3.21% |        6772      3.10%      6.31% |        6853      3.14%      9.44% |        6793      3.11%     12.55% |        6889      3.15%     15.71% |        6791      3.11%     18.82% |        6803      3.11%     21.93% |        6803      3.11%     25.04% |        6924      3.17%     28.21% |        6771      3.10%     31.31% |        6801      3.11%     34.43% |        6796      3.11%     37.54% |        6912      3.16%     40.70% |        6769      3.10%     43.80% |        6812      3.12%     46.92% |        6814      3.12%     50.04% |        6982      3.20%     53.24% |        6787      3.11%     56.34% |        6774      3.10%     59.44% |        6778      3.10%     62.55% |        6931      3.17%     65.72% |        6787      3.11%     68.83% |        6767      3.10%     71.93% |        6806      3.12%     75.04% |        6943      3.18%     78.22% |        6728      3.08%     81.30% |        6758      3.09%     84.39% |        6725      3.08%     87.47% |        6970      3.19%     90.66% |        6765      3.10%     93.76% |        6845      3.13%     96.89% |        6784      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total       218436                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         665      3.16%      3.16% |         651      3.10%      6.26% |         660      3.14%      9.40% |         667      3.17%     12.57% |         669      3.18%     15.75% |         668      3.18%     18.93% |         655      3.12%     22.04% |         653      3.11%     25.15% |         657      3.12%     28.27% |         651      3.10%     31.37% |         665      3.16%     34.53% |         653      3.11%     37.64% |         655      3.12%     40.75% |         654      3.11%     43.86% |         667      3.17%     47.03% |         651      3.10%     50.13% |         651      3.10%     53.23% |         646      3.07%     56.30% |         648      3.08%     59.38% |         654      3.11%     62.49% |         661      3.14%     65.63% |         639      3.04%     68.67% |         657      3.12%     71.80% |         646      3.07%     74.87% |         642      3.05%     77.92% |         653      3.11%     81.03% |         647      3.08%     84.11% |         654      3.11%     87.22% |         679      3.23%     90.45% |         675      3.21%     93.66% |         670      3.19%     96.84% |         664      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        21027                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         393      3.07%      3.07% |         394      3.08%      6.15% |         401      3.13%      9.28% |         404      3.16%     12.43% |         405      3.16%     15.60% |         403      3.15%     18.74% |         404      3.16%     21.90% |         404      3.16%     25.05% |         403      3.15%     28.20% |         403      3.15%     31.35% |         408      3.19%     34.53% |         405      3.16%     37.70% |         405      3.16%     40.86% |         407      3.18%     44.04% |         407      3.18%     47.22% |         403      3.15%     50.36% |         404      3.16%     53.52% |         399      3.12%     56.63% |         401      3.13%     59.77% |         398      3.11%     62.87% |         397      3.10%     65.97% |         399      3.12%     69.09% |         394      3.08%     72.17% |         395      3.08%     75.25% |         393      3.07%     78.32% |         394      3.08%     81.40% |         396      3.09%     84.49% |         396      3.09%     87.58% |         398      3.11%     90.69% |         398      3.11%     93.80% |         398      3.11%     96.91% |         396      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        12805                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         499      3.33%      3.33% |         456      3.04%      6.37% |         454      3.03%      9.40% |         447      2.98%     12.39% |         460      3.07%     15.46% |         470      3.14%     18.59% |         462      3.08%     21.68% |         461      3.08%     24.75% |         468      3.12%     27.88% |         475      3.17%     31.05% |         487      3.25%     34.30% |         476      3.18%     37.47% |         493      3.29%     40.76% |         496      3.31%     44.07% |         500      3.34%     47.41% |         485      3.24%     50.65% |         487      3.25%     53.90% |         472      3.15%     57.05% |         468      3.12%     60.17% |         446      2.98%     63.15% |         440      2.94%     66.08% |         470      3.14%     69.22% |         449      3.00%     72.22% |         447      2.98%     75.20% |         474      3.16%     78.36% |         478      3.19%     81.55% |         487      3.25%     84.80% |         455      3.04%     87.84% |         450      3.00%     90.84% |         455      3.04%     93.88% |         463      3.09%     96.97% |         454      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        14984                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        7606      3.18%      3.18% |        7416      3.10%      6.28% |        7503      3.14%      9.42% |        7452      3.12%     12.54% |        7551      3.16%     15.69% |        7455      3.12%     18.81% |        7453      3.12%     21.93% |        7449      3.11%     25.04% |        7572      3.17%     28.21% |        7414      3.10%     31.31% |        7459      3.12%     34.43% |        7443      3.11%     37.54% |        7559      3.16%     40.70% |        7418      3.10%     43.80% |        7473      3.12%     46.93% |        7460      3.12%     50.05% |        7627      3.19%     53.24% |        7425      3.10%     56.34% |        7415      3.10%     59.44% |        7422      3.10%     62.55% |        7580      3.17%     65.72% |        7413      3.10%     68.82% |        7412      3.10%     71.92% |        7441      3.11%     75.03% |        7575      3.17%     78.19% |        7372      3.08%     81.28% |        7394      3.09%     84.37% |        7368      3.08%     87.45% |        7636      3.19%     90.64% |        7431      3.11%     93.75% |        7502      3.14%     96.89% |        7443      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total       239139                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       59458      5.96%      5.96% |       31197      3.13%      9.09% |       29870      3.00%     12.09% |       30696      3.08%     15.16% |       30303      3.04%     18.20% |       29615      2.97%     21.17% |       29257      2.93%     24.11% |       29259      2.93%     27.04% |       29769      2.99%     30.03% |       29983      3.01%     33.03% |       31813      3.19%     36.22% |       32063      3.22%     39.44% |       30466      3.06%     42.49% |       29759      2.98%     45.48% |       28948      2.90%     48.38% |       29394      2.95%     51.33% |       30646      3.07%     54.40% |       29777      2.99%     57.39% |       30104      3.02%     60.40% |       30195      3.03%     63.43% |       30227      3.03%     66.46% |       32264      3.24%     69.70% |       29698      2.98%     72.68% |       29413      2.95%     75.63% |       30245      3.03%     78.66% |       30272      3.04%     81.69% |       29734      2.98%     84.68% |       29683      2.98%     87.65% |       30039      3.01%     90.66% |       29534      2.96%     93.63% |       30632      3.07%     96.70% |       32929      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       997242                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.04%     11.04% |          52      3.12%     14.17% |          48      2.88%     17.05% |          48      2.88%     19.93% |          48      2.88%     22.81% |          48      2.88%     25.69% |          48      2.88%     28.57% |          48      2.88%     31.45% |          48      2.88%     34.33% |          48      2.88%     37.21% |          46      2.76%     39.98% |          46      2.76%     42.74% |          46      2.76%     45.50% |          46      2.76%     48.26% |          46      2.76%     51.02% |          46      2.76%     53.78% |          46      2.76%     56.54% |          48      2.88%     59.42% |          48      2.88%     62.30% |          48      2.88%     65.19% |          48      2.88%     68.07% |          50      3.00%     71.07% |          48      2.88%     73.95% |          46      2.76%     76.71% |          48      2.88%     79.59% |          50      3.00%     82.59% |          50      3.00%     85.59% |          46      2.76%     88.36% |          46      2.76%     91.12% |          48      2.88%     94.00% |          50      3.00%     97.00% |          50      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1666                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         410      3.27%      3.27% |         374      2.98%      6.25% |         379      3.02%      9.27% |         373      2.97%     12.25% |         383      3.05%     15.30% |         381      3.04%     18.34% |         381      3.04%     21.38% |         385      3.07%     24.45% |         389      3.10%     27.55% |         401      3.20%     30.75% |         407      3.25%     34.00% |         398      3.17%     37.17% |         417      3.33%     40.49% |         417      3.33%     43.82% |         420      3.35%     47.17% |         409      3.26%     50.43% |         414      3.30%     53.73% |         400      3.19%     56.92% |         391      3.12%     60.04% |         372      2.97%     63.01% |         364      2.90%     65.91% |         389      3.10%     69.01% |         373      2.97%     71.99% |         372      2.97%     74.95% |         399      3.18%     78.13% |         406      3.24%     81.37% |         414      3.30%     84.67% |         387      3.09%     87.76% |         387      3.09%     90.85% |         382      3.05%     93.89% |         393      3.13%     97.03% |         373      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12540                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5283      4.13%      4.13% |        4018      3.14%      7.28% |        4071      3.18%     10.46% |        3980      3.11%     13.57% |        3970      3.11%     16.68% |        3967      3.10%     19.78% |        3968      3.10%     22.89% |        3962      3.10%     25.99% |        3972      3.11%     29.09% |        4000      3.13%     32.22% |        4018      3.14%     35.37% |        3930      3.07%     38.44% |        3951      3.09%     41.53% |        3973      3.11%     44.64% |        3969      3.10%     47.75% |        3932      3.08%     50.82% |        3964      3.10%     53.92% |        3937      3.08%     57.00% |        3941      3.08%     60.09% |        3948      3.09%     63.17% |        3949      3.09%     66.26% |        3958      3.10%     69.36% |        3951      3.09%     72.45% |        3905      3.05%     75.51% |        3931      3.08%     78.58% |        3950      3.09%     81.67% |        3913      3.06%     84.73% |        3897      3.05%     87.78% |        3916      3.06%     90.84% |        3896      3.05%     93.89% |        3885      3.04%     96.93% |        3922      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       127827                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        5274      3.18%      3.18% |        5172      3.12%      6.30% |        5174      3.12%      9.42% |        5175      3.12%     12.55% |        5159      3.11%     15.66% |        5173      3.12%     18.78% |        5161      3.11%     21.90% |        5158      3.11%     25.01% |        5180      3.13%     28.13% |        5182      3.13%     31.26% |        5168      3.12%     34.38% |        5194      3.13%     37.51% |        5188      3.13%     40.64% |        5187      3.13%     43.77% |        5176      3.12%     46.90% |        5163      3.12%     50.01% |        5181      3.13%     53.14% |        5182      3.13%     56.26% |        5183      3.13%     59.39% |        5182      3.13%     62.52% |        5181      3.13%     65.64% |        5199      3.14%     68.78% |        5173      3.12%     71.90% |        5170      3.12%     75.02% |        5174      3.12%     78.14% |        5181      3.13%     81.27% |        5183      3.13%     84.40% |        5171      3.12%     87.52% |        5173      3.12%     90.64% |        5172      3.12%     93.76% |        5183      3.13%     96.89% |        5162      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       165734                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3412      3.09%      3.09% |        3393      3.07%      6.16% |        3090      2.80%      8.96% |        3111      2.82%     11.77% |        3151      2.85%     14.62% |        3653      3.31%     17.93% |        3330      3.01%     20.94% |        2908      2.63%     23.58% |        3145      2.85%     26.42% |        4724      4.28%     30.70% |        3471      3.14%     33.84% |        3384      3.06%     36.90% |        3122      2.83%     39.73% |        3851      3.49%     43.22% |        3439      3.11%     46.33% |        3360      3.04%     49.37% |        3668      3.32%     52.69% |        3706      3.35%     56.04% |        3200      2.90%     58.94% |        2906      2.63%     61.57% |        2697      2.44%     64.01% |        3256      2.95%     66.96% |        3120      2.82%     69.78% |        3012      2.73%     72.51% |        3201      2.90%     75.41% |        3224      2.92%     78.33% |        2830      2.56%     80.89% |        4145      3.75%     84.64% |        3522      3.19%     87.83% |        4765      4.31%     92.14% |        4606      4.17%     96.31% |        4078      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110480                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        2685      3.15%      3.15% |        2654      3.11%      6.26% |        2715      3.18%      9.44% |        2730      3.20%     12.64% |        2713      3.18%     15.82% |        2742      3.21%     19.03% |        2748      3.22%     22.25% |        2680      3.14%     25.39% |        2708      3.17%     28.57% |        2664      3.12%     31.69% |        2733      3.20%     34.89% |        2657      3.11%     38.01% |        2703      3.17%     41.18% |        2599      3.05%     44.22% |        2712      3.18%     47.40% |        2675      3.14%     50.54% |        2715      3.18%     53.72% |        2626      3.08%     56.80% |        2690      3.15%     59.95% |        2618      3.07%     63.02% |        2676      3.14%     66.15% |        2601      3.05%     69.20% |        2611      3.06%     72.26% |        2596      3.04%     75.31% |        2677      3.14%     78.44% |        2638      3.09%     81.53% |        2646      3.10%     84.64% |        2579      3.02%     87.66% |        2666      3.12%     90.78% |        2599      3.05%     93.83% |        2662      3.12%     96.95% |        2603      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        85321                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |        1048      3.27%      3.27% |         996      3.11%      6.39% |         993      3.10%      9.49% |        1000      3.12%     12.61% |        1025      3.20%     15.81% |        1019      3.18%     19.00% |         963      3.01%     22.01% |        1011      3.16%     25.16% |        1010      3.16%     28.32% |        1024      3.20%     31.52% |         985      3.08%     34.60% |         966      3.02%     37.61% |        1013      3.16%     40.78% |        1012      3.16%     43.94% |        1012      3.16%     47.10% |         984      3.07%     50.17% |        1005      3.14%     53.31% |        1010      3.16%     56.47% |        1013      3.16%     59.63% |         987      3.08%     62.72% |         960      3.00%     65.72% |        1028      3.21%     68.93% |         994      3.11%     72.03% |        1010      3.16%     75.19% |         982      3.07%     78.26% |         976      3.05%     81.31% |         993      3.10%     84.41% |        1016      3.17%     87.58% |        1031      3.22%     90.80% |         949      2.96%     93.77% |         989      3.09%     96.86% |        1006      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total        32010                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |        6545      3.16%      3.16% |        6410      3.10%      6.26% |        6503      3.14%      9.41% |        6439      3.11%     12.52% |        6520      3.15%     15.67% |        6422      3.10%     18.78% |        6476      3.13%     21.91% |        6426      3.11%     25.02% |        6550      3.17%     28.18% |        6390      3.09%     31.27% |        6450      3.12%     34.39% |        6469      3.13%     37.52% |        6546      3.16%     40.68% |        6399      3.09%     43.78% |        6444      3.12%     46.89% |        6461      3.12%     50.02% |        6620      3.20%     53.22% |        6413      3.10%     56.32% |        6415      3.10%     59.42% |        6434      3.11%     62.53% |        6607      3.19%     65.72% |        6388      3.09%     68.81% |        6405      3.10%     71.91% |        6426      3.11%     75.02% |        6586      3.18%     78.20% |        6391      3.09%     81.29% |        6404      3.10%     84.39% |        6350      3.07%     87.46% |        6590      3.19%     90.64% |        6455      3.12%     93.76% |        6486      3.14%     96.90% |        6412      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total       206832                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      1.54%      1.54% |           2      3.08%      4.62% |          11     16.92%     21.54% |           1      1.54%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           3      4.62%     27.69% |           3      4.62%     32.31% |           3      4.62%     36.92% |           1      1.54%     38.46% |           3      4.62%     43.08% |          18     27.69%     70.77% |           1      1.54%     72.31% |           2      3.08%     75.38% |           2      3.08%     78.46% |           3      4.62%     83.08% |           2      3.08%     86.15% |           2      3.08%     89.23% |           1      1.54%     90.77% |           1      1.54%     92.31% |           1      1.54%     93.85% |           1      1.54%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           1      1.54%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         467      3.26%      3.26% |         433      3.03%      6.29% |         424      2.96%      9.26% |         430      3.01%     12.26% |         442      3.09%     15.35% |         439      3.07%     18.42% |         439      3.07%     21.49% |         442      3.09%     24.58% |         446      3.12%     27.70% |         454      3.17%     30.87% |         449      3.14%     34.01% |         455      3.18%     37.19% |         473      3.31%     40.50% |         473      3.31%     43.80% |         476      3.33%     47.13% |         464      3.24%     50.37% |         467      3.26%     53.64% |         454      3.17%     56.81% |         449      3.14%     59.95% |         425      2.97%     62.92% |         418      2.92%     65.84% |         440      3.08%     68.92% |         431      3.01%     71.93% |         430      3.01%     74.94% |         460      3.22%     78.15% |         463      3.24%     81.39% |         472      3.30%     84.69% |         440      3.08%     87.77% |         437      3.05%     90.82% |         437      3.05%     93.88% |         447      3.12%     97.00% |         429      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        14305                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.65%      4.65% |           7      8.14%     12.79% |           5      5.81%     18.60% |           4      4.65%     23.26% |           1      1.16%     24.42% |           7      8.14%     32.56% |           2      2.33%     34.88% |           1      1.16%     36.05% |           1      1.16%     37.21% |           2      2.33%     39.53% |           2      2.33%     41.86% |           1      1.16%     43.02% |           4      4.65%     47.67% |           1      1.16%     48.84% |           4      4.65%     53.49% |           0      0.00%     53.49% |           1      1.16%     54.65% |           2      2.33%     56.98% |          13     15.12%     72.09% |           4      4.65%     76.74% |           2      2.33%     79.07% |           1      1.16%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           2      2.33%     84.88% |           4      4.65%     89.53% |           1      1.16%     90.70% |           2      2.33%     93.02% |           0      0.00%     93.02% |           3      3.49%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       29097     21.43%     21.43% |        4171      3.07%     24.50% |        3101      2.28%     26.78% |        3925      2.89%     29.67% |        3265      2.40%     32.07% |        2999      2.21%     34.28% |        2782      2.05%     36.33% |        2790      2.05%     38.39% |        2836      2.09%     40.47% |        3388      2.49%     42.97% |        5150      3.79%     46.76% |        4976      3.66%     50.43% |        3629      2.67%     53.10% |        3329      2.45%     55.55% |        2528      1.86%     57.41% |        2877      2.12%     59.53% |        3702      2.73%     62.26% |        3287      2.42%     64.68% |        3448      2.54%     67.21% |        3407      2.51%     69.72% |        3252      2.39%     72.12% |        4625      3.41%     75.52% |        3097      2.28%     77.80% |        2869      2.11%     79.92% |        3034      2.23%     82.15% |        3532      2.60%     84.75% |        3082      2.27%     87.02% |        2691      1.98%     89.00% |        3022      2.23%     91.23% |        2773      2.04%     93.27% |        3322      2.45%     95.72% |        5818      4.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       135804                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        3503      6.31%      6.31% |        1855      3.34%      9.65% |        1544      2.78%     12.43% |        1725      3.11%     15.54% |        1638      2.95%     18.49% |        1532      2.76%     21.25% |        1374      2.47%     23.72% |        1414      2.55%     26.27% |        1546      2.78%     29.06% |        1523      2.74%     31.80% |        1512      2.72%     34.52% |        2034      3.66%     38.19% |        1463      2.64%     40.82% |        1372      2.47%     43.29% |        1352      2.44%     45.73% |        1443      2.60%     48.33% |        1524      2.75%     51.07% |        1480      2.67%     53.74% |        1653      2.98%     56.72% |        1727      3.11%     59.83% |        1536      2.77%     62.59% |        2582      4.65%     67.25% |        1600      2.88%     70.13% |        1562      2.81%     72.94% |        1824      3.29%     76.23% |        1678      3.02%     79.25% |        1700      3.06%     82.31% |        2086      3.76%     86.07% |        1622      2.92%     88.99% |        1706      3.07%     92.06% |        2275      4.10%     96.16% |        2131      3.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        55516                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        8032      3.67%      3.67% |        6806      3.11%      6.77% |        6830      3.12%      9.89% |        6803      3.10%     12.99% |        6786      3.10%     16.09% |        6798      3.10%     19.19% |        6788      3.10%     22.29% |        6799      3.10%     25.39% |        6817      3.11%     28.50% |        6823      3.11%     31.61% |        6835      3.12%     34.73% |        6825      3.11%     37.85% |        6813      3.11%     40.96% |        6842      3.12%     44.08% |        6812      3.11%     47.19% |        6809      3.11%     50.29% |        6849      3.13%     53.42% |        6824      3.11%     56.53% |        6829      3.12%     59.65% |        6828      3.12%     62.77% |        6814      3.11%     65.87% |        6848      3.12%     69.00% |        6819      3.11%     72.11% |        6783      3.10%     75.21% |        6798      3.10%     78.31% |        6810      3.11%     81.42% |        6791      3.10%     84.51% |        6786      3.10%     87.61% |        6783      3.10%     90.71% |        6777      3.09%     93.80% |        6789      3.10%     96.90% |        6801      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       219147                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        1314      3.45%      3.45% |        1245      3.27%      6.72% |        1282      3.36%     10.08% |        1222      3.21%     13.29% |        1211      3.18%     16.47% |        1201      3.15%     19.62% |        1207      3.17%     22.79% |        1190      3.12%     25.91% |        1199      3.15%     29.06% |        1229      3.23%     32.28% |        1217      3.19%     35.48% |        1168      3.07%     38.54% |        1195      3.14%     41.68% |        1187      3.12%     44.79% |        1200      3.15%     47.94% |        1158      3.04%     50.98% |        1170      3.07%     54.05% |        1167      3.06%     57.12% |        1163      3.05%     60.17% |        1170      3.07%     63.24% |        1180      3.10%     66.34% |        1166      3.06%     69.40% |        1169      3.07%     72.47% |        1159      3.04%     75.51% |        1174      3.08%     78.59% |        1191      3.13%     81.71% |        1172      3.08%     84.79% |        1156      3.03%     87.82% |        1183      3.10%     90.93% |        1161      3.05%     93.98% |        1147      3.01%     96.99% |        1148      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        38101                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        7606      3.18%      3.18% |        7416      3.10%      6.28% |        7503      3.14%      9.42% |        7452      3.12%     12.54% |        7551      3.16%     15.69% |        7455      3.12%     18.81% |        7453      3.12%     21.93% |        7449      3.11%     25.04% |        7572      3.17%     28.21% |        7414      3.10%     31.31% |        7459      3.12%     34.43% |        7443      3.11%     37.54% |        7559      3.16%     40.70% |        7418      3.10%     43.80% |        7473      3.12%     46.93% |        7460      3.12%     50.05% |        7627      3.19%     53.24% |        7425      3.10%     56.34% |        7415      3.10%     59.44% |        7422      3.10%     62.55% |        7580      3.17%     65.72% |        7413      3.10%     68.82% |        7412      3.10%     71.92% |        7441      3.11%     75.03% |        7575      3.17%     78.19% |        7372      3.08%     81.28% |        7394      3.09%     84.37% |        7368      3.08%     87.45% |        7636      3.19%     90.64% |        7431      3.11%     93.75% |        7502      3.14%     96.89% |        7443      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total       239139                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |        8751      3.18%      3.18% |        8620      3.13%      6.31% |        8532      3.10%      9.42% |        8496      3.09%     12.51% |        8779      3.19%     15.70% |        8546      3.11%     18.80% |        8580      3.12%     21.92% |        8548      3.11%     25.03% |        8723      3.17%     28.20% |        8535      3.10%     31.30% |        8568      3.11%     34.42% |        8546      3.11%     37.53% |        8734      3.18%     40.70% |        8541      3.10%     43.81% |        8508      3.09%     46.90% |        8580      3.12%     50.02% |        8708      3.17%     53.18% |        8525      3.10%     56.28% |        8513      3.09%     59.38% |        8565      3.11%     62.49% |        8787      3.19%     65.69% |        8545      3.11%     68.79% |        8523      3.10%     71.89% |        8524      3.10%     74.99% |        8764      3.19%     78.17% |        8617      3.13%     81.31% |        8519      3.10%     84.40% |        8528      3.10%     87.50% |        8725      3.17%     90.68% |        8614      3.13%     93.81% |        8523      3.10%     96.91% |        8511      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total       275078                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       42869      8.97%      8.97% |       15000      3.14%     12.11% |       13671      2.86%     14.97% |       14591      3.05%     18.02% |       13816      2.89%     20.92% |       13446      2.81%     23.73% |       13069      2.73%     26.46% |       13107      2.74%     29.21% |       13310      2.79%     31.99% |       13874      2.90%     34.90% |       15625      3.27%     38.17% |       15917      3.33%     41.50% |       14017      2.93%     44.43% |       13643      2.86%     47.29% |       12808      2.68%     49.97% |       13200      2.76%     52.73% |       14157      2.96%     55.69% |       13671      2.86%     58.55% |       14020      2.93%     61.49% |       14046      2.94%     64.43% |       13691      2.87%     67.29% |       16129      3.38%     70.67% |       13600      2.85%     73.51% |       13289      2.78%     76.29% |       13751      2.88%     79.17% |       14128      2.96%     82.13% |       13663      2.86%     84.99% |       13630      2.85%     87.84% |       13523      2.83%     90.67% |       13332      2.79%     93.46% |       14446      3.02%     96.48% |       16808      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       477847                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           2     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1      8.33%     25.00% |           1      8.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      8.33%     41.67% |           1      8.33%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      8.33%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           1      8.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      8.33%     75.00% |           1      8.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      8.33%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           1      8.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           5      4.35%      4.35% |           7      6.09%     10.43% |           6      5.22%     15.65% |           3      2.61%     18.26% |           2      1.74%     20.00% |           5      4.35%     24.35% |           0      0.00%     24.35% |           0      0.00%     24.35% |           4      3.48%     27.83% |           5      4.35%     32.17% |           3      2.61%     34.78% |           5      4.35%     39.13% |           3      2.61%     41.74% |           2      1.74%     43.48% |           3      2.61%     46.09% |           1      0.87%     46.96% |           2      1.74%     48.70% |           2      1.74%     50.43% |           3      2.61%     53.04% |           3      2.61%     55.65% |           5      4.35%     60.00% |           7      6.09%     66.09% |           5      4.35%     70.43% |           2      1.74%     72.17% |           4      3.48%     75.65% |           3      2.61%     78.26% |           5      4.35%     82.61% |           3      2.61%     85.22% |           5      4.35%     89.57% |           3      2.61%     92.17% |           3      2.61%     94.78% |           6      5.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          115                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          32      4.17%      4.17% |          21      2.74%      6.91% |          23      3.00%      9.91% |          21      2.74%     12.65% |          23      3.00%     15.65% |          27      3.52%     19.17% |          25      3.26%     22.43% |          23      3.00%     25.42% |          26      3.39%     28.81% |          21      2.74%     31.55% |          24      3.13%     34.68% |          21      2.74%     37.42% |          23      3.00%     40.42% |          24      3.13%     43.55% |          24      3.13%     46.68% |          23      3.00%     49.67% |          22      2.87%     52.54% |          23      3.00%     55.54% |          22      2.87%     58.41% |          27      3.52%     61.93% |          28      3.65%     65.58% |          35      4.56%     70.14% |          25      3.26%     73.40% |          26      3.39%     76.79% |          20      2.61%     79.40% |          21      2.74%     82.14% |          21      2.74%     84.88% |          23      3.00%     87.87% |          20      2.61%     90.48% |          23      3.00%     93.48% |          26      3.39%     96.87% |          24      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total          767                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     33.33%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9943      3.64%      3.64% |        8540      3.12%      6.76% |        8600      3.15%      9.91% |        8504      3.11%     13.02% |        8488      3.11%     16.13% |        8497      3.11%     19.23% |        8486      3.10%     22.34% |        8481      3.10%     25.44% |        8517      3.12%     28.56% |        8559      3.13%     31.69% |        8569      3.14%     34.82% |        8497      3.11%     37.93% |        8532      3.12%     41.05% |        8553      3.13%     44.18% |        8541      3.12%     47.31% |        8480      3.10%     50.41% |        8535      3.12%     53.53% |        8495      3.11%     56.64% |        8491      3.11%     59.75% |        8478      3.10%     62.85% |        8470      3.10%     65.95% |        8522      3.12%     69.07% |        8473      3.10%     72.17% |        8423      3.08%     75.25% |        8480      3.10%     78.35% |        8513      3.11%     81.46% |        8486      3.10%     84.57% |        8430      3.08%     87.65% |        8452      3.09%     90.75% |        8426      3.08%     93.83% |        8437      3.09%     96.91% |        8433      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       273331                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          58     46.03%     46.03% |           5      3.97%     50.00% |           4      3.17%     53.17% |           3      2.38%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      0.79%     56.35% |           3      2.38%     58.73% |           2      1.59%     60.32% |           3      2.38%     62.70% |           2      1.59%     64.29% |           1      0.79%     65.08% |           1      0.79%     65.87% |           0      0.00%     65.87% |           1      0.79%     66.67% |           2      1.59%     68.25% |           2      1.59%     69.84% |           1      0.79%     70.63% |           3      2.38%     73.02% |           3      2.38%     75.40% |           4      3.17%     78.57% |           1      0.79%     79.37% |           3      2.38%     81.75% |           2      1.59%     83.33% |           4      3.17%     86.51% |           3      2.38%     88.89% |           5      3.97%     92.86% |           3      2.38%     95.24% |           3      2.38%     97.62% |           3      2.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          126                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      6.67%      6.67% |           2      4.44%     11.11% |           2      4.44%     15.56% |           0      0.00%     15.56% |           2      4.44%     20.00% |           5     11.11%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           3      6.67%     37.78% |           2      4.44%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           2      4.44%     48.89% |           1      2.22%     51.11% |           1      2.22%     53.33% |           2      4.44%     57.78% |           1      2.22%     60.00% |           1      2.22%     62.22% |           0      0.00%     62.22% |           1      2.22%     64.44% |           2      4.44%     68.89% |           2      4.44%     73.33% |           4      8.89%     82.22% |           1      2.22%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           1      2.22%     88.89% |           1      2.22%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           3      6.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           4      2.02%      2.02% |           2      1.01%      3.03% |           6      3.03%      6.06% |           5      2.53%      8.59% |           7      3.54%     12.12% |           4      2.02%     14.14% |           5      2.53%     16.67% |           7      3.54%     20.20% |           8      4.04%     24.24% |           5      2.53%     26.77% |           5      2.53%     29.29% |           3      1.52%     30.81% |           6      3.03%     33.84% |           4      2.02%     35.86% |           5      2.53%     38.38% |           5      2.53%     40.91% |           5      2.53%     43.43% |           6      3.03%     46.46% |           5      2.53%     48.99% |           9      4.55%     53.54% |           9      4.55%     58.08% |          10      5.05%     63.13% |           8      4.04%     67.17% |          10      5.05%     72.22% |           7      3.54%     75.76% |           7      3.54%     79.29% |           7      3.54%     82.83% |           8      4.04%     86.87% |           8      4.04%     90.91% |           6      3.03%     93.94% |          10      5.05%     98.99% |           2      1.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          198                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          28      4.92%      4.92% |          19      3.34%      8.26% |          17      2.99%     11.25% |          16      2.81%     14.06% |          16      2.81%     16.87% |          23      4.04%     20.91% |          20      3.51%     24.43% |          16      2.81%     27.24% |          18      3.16%     30.40% |          16      2.81%     33.22% |          19      3.34%     36.56% |          18      3.16%     39.72% |          17      2.99%     42.71% |          20      3.51%     46.22% |          19      3.34%     49.56% |          18      3.16%     52.72% |          17      2.99%     55.71% |          17      2.99%     58.70% |          17      2.99%     61.69% |          18      3.16%     64.85% |          19      3.34%     68.19% |          25      4.39%     72.58% |          17      2.99%     75.57% |          16      2.81%     78.38% |          13      2.28%     80.67% |          14      2.46%     83.13% |          14      2.46%     85.59% |          15      2.64%     88.22% |          12      2.11%     90.33% |          17      2.99%     93.32% |          16      2.81%     96.13% |          22      3.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total          569                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         393      3.12%      3.12% |         394      3.12%      6.24% |         337      2.67%      8.91% |         403      3.20%     12.11% |         405      3.21%     15.32% |         403      3.20%     18.52% |         402      3.19%     21.71% |         401      3.18%     24.89% |         402      3.19%     28.08% |         401      3.18%     31.26% |         301      2.39%     33.64% |         404      3.20%     36.85% |         403      3.20%     40.04% |         405      3.21%     43.25% |         405      3.21%     46.47% |         401      3.18%     49.65% |         402      3.19%     52.84% |         398      3.16%     55.99% |         400      3.17%     59.16% |         397      3.15%     62.31% |         396      3.14%     65.45% |         399      3.16%     68.62% |         394      3.12%     71.74% |         395      3.13%     74.88% |         393      3.12%     77.99% |         394      3.12%     81.12% |         396      3.14%     84.26% |         396      3.14%     87.40% |         398      3.16%     90.55% |         397      3.15%     93.70% |         398      3.16%     96.86% |         396      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        12609                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         467      3.26%      3.26% |         433      3.03%      6.29% |         424      2.96%      9.26% |         430      3.01%     12.26% |         442      3.09%     15.35% |         439      3.07%     18.42% |         439      3.07%     21.49% |         442      3.09%     24.58% |         446      3.12%     27.70% |         454      3.17%     30.87% |         449      3.14%     34.01% |         455      3.18%     37.19% |         473      3.31%     40.50% |         473      3.31%     43.80% |         476      3.33%     47.13% |         464      3.24%     50.37% |         467      3.26%     53.64% |         454      3.17%     56.81% |         449      3.14%     59.95% |         425      2.97%     62.92% |         418      2.92%     65.84% |         440      3.08%     68.92% |         431      3.01%     71.93% |         430      3.01%     74.94% |         460      3.22%     78.15% |         463      3.24%     81.39% |         472      3.30%     84.69% |         440      3.08%     87.77% |         437      3.05%     90.82% |         437      3.05%     93.88% |         447      3.12%     97.00% |         429      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        14305                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     32.65%     32.65% |           1      0.51%     33.16% |           0      0.00%     33.16% |           0      0.00%     33.16% |           2      1.02%     34.18% |           3      1.53%     35.71% |           1      0.51%     36.22% |           2      1.02%     37.24% |         107     54.59%     91.84% |           1      0.51%     92.35% |           2      1.02%     93.37% |           2      1.02%     94.39% |           2      1.02%     95.41% |           2      1.02%     96.43% |           2      1.02%     97.45% |           1      0.51%     97.96% |           1      0.51%     98.47% |           1      0.51%     98.98% |           1      0.51%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           1      0.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          196                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      1.54%      1.54% |           2      3.08%      4.62% |          11     16.92%     21.54% |           1      1.54%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           3      4.62%     27.69% |           3      4.62%     32.31% |           3      4.62%     36.92% |           1      1.54%     38.46% |           3      4.62%     43.08% |          18     27.69%     70.77% |           1      1.54%     72.31% |           2      3.08%     75.38% |           2      3.08%     78.46% |           3      4.62%     83.08% |           2      3.08%     86.15% |           2      3.08%     89.23% |           1      1.54%     90.77% |           1      1.54%     92.31% |           1      1.54%     93.85% |           1      1.54%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           1      1.54%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |          43      2.76%      2.76% |          45      2.89%      5.64% |          48      3.08%      8.72% |          44      2.82%     11.55% |          53      3.40%     14.95% |          43      2.76%     17.70% |          47      3.01%     20.72% |          50      3.21%     23.93% |          48      3.08%     27.00% |          59      3.78%     30.79% |          38      2.44%     33.23% |          52      3.34%     36.56% |          58      3.72%     40.28% |          54      3.46%     43.75% |          41      2.63%     46.38% |          46      2.95%     49.33% |          58      3.72%     53.05% |          57      3.66%     56.70% |          62      3.98%     60.68% |          55      3.53%     64.21% |          45      2.89%     67.09% |          61      3.91%     71.01% |          45      2.89%     73.89% |          53      3.40%     77.29% |          50      3.21%     80.50% |          53      3.40%     83.90% |          60      3.85%     87.75% |          56      3.59%     91.34% |          40      2.57%     93.91% |          31      1.99%     95.89% |          31      1.99%     97.88% |          33      2.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total         1559                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5240      4.15%      4.15% |        3973      3.15%      7.30% |        4023      3.19%     10.48% |        3936      3.12%     13.60% |        3917      3.10%     16.70% |        3924      3.11%     19.81% |        3921      3.11%     22.91% |        3912      3.10%     26.01% |        3924      3.11%     29.12% |        3941      3.12%     32.24% |        3980      3.15%     35.39% |        3878      3.07%     38.47% |        3893      3.08%     41.55% |        3919      3.10%     44.65% |        3928      3.11%     47.76% |        3886      3.08%     50.84% |        3906      3.09%     53.93% |        3880      3.07%     57.01% |        3879      3.07%     60.08% |        3893      3.08%     63.16% |        3904      3.09%     66.25% |        3897      3.09%     69.34% |        3906      3.09%     72.43% |        3852      3.05%     75.48% |        3881      3.07%     78.56% |        3897      3.09%     81.64% |        3853      3.05%     84.70% |        3841      3.04%     87.74% |        3876      3.07%     90.81% |        3865      3.06%     93.87% |        3854      3.05%     96.92% |        3889      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       126268                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           1      7.69%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           3     23.08%     30.77% |           1      7.69%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           1      7.69%     46.15% |           1      7.69%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           1      7.69%     61.54% |           2     15.38%     76.92% |           1      7.69%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      7.69%     92.31% |           1      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         453      3.21%      3.21% |         419      2.97%      6.19% |         427      3.03%      9.21% |         417      2.96%     12.17% |         436      3.09%     15.27% |         424      3.01%     18.27% |         428      3.04%     21.31% |         435      3.09%     24.40% |         437      3.10%     27.50% |         460      3.26%     30.76% |         445      3.16%     33.92% |         449      3.19%     37.10% |         475      3.37%     40.47% |         471      3.34%     43.81% |         461      3.27%     47.08% |         455      3.23%     50.31% |         472      3.35%     53.66% |         457      3.24%     56.90% |         453      3.21%     60.11% |         427      3.03%     63.14% |         409      2.90%     66.04% |         450      3.19%     69.23% |         418      2.97%     72.20% |         425      3.01%     75.21% |         449      3.19%     78.40% |         459      3.26%     81.66% |         474      3.36%     85.02% |         442      3.14%     88.15% |         427      3.03%     91.18% |         413      2.93%     94.11% |         424      3.01%     97.12% |         406      2.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        14097                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        5274      3.18%      3.18% |        5172      3.12%      6.30% |        5174      3.12%      9.42% |        5175      3.12%     12.55% |        5159      3.11%     15.66% |        5173      3.12%     18.78% |        5161      3.11%     21.90% |        5158      3.11%     25.01% |        5180      3.13%     28.13% |        5182      3.13%     31.26% |        5168      3.12%     34.38% |        5194      3.13%     37.51% |        5188      3.13%     40.64% |        5187      3.13%     43.77% |        5176      3.12%     46.90% |        5163      3.12%     50.01% |        5181      3.13%     53.14% |        5182      3.13%     56.26% |        5183      3.13%     59.39% |        5182      3.13%     62.52% |        5181      3.13%     65.64% |        5199      3.14%     68.78% |        5173      3.12%     71.90% |        5170      3.12%     75.02% |        5174      3.12%     78.14% |        5181      3.13%     81.27% |        5183      3.13%     84.40% |        5171      3.12%     87.52% |        5173      3.12%     90.64% |        5172      3.12%     93.76% |        5183      3.13%     96.89% |        5162      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       165734                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS |          55      2.50%      2.50% |          64      2.90%      5.40% |          60      2.72%      8.12% |          71      3.22%     11.34% |          60      2.72%     14.07% |          65      2.95%     17.01% |          52      2.36%     19.37% |          57      2.59%     21.96% |          67      3.04%     25.00% |          63      2.86%     27.86% |          69      3.13%     30.99% |          69      3.13%     34.12% |          57      2.59%     36.71% |          85      3.86%     40.56% |          92      4.17%     44.74% |          67      3.04%     47.78% |          72      3.27%     51.04% |          67      3.04%     54.08% |          74      3.36%     57.44% |          79      3.58%     61.03% |          61      2.77%     63.79% |          72      3.27%     67.06% |          86      3.90%     70.96% |          90      4.08%     75.05% |          79      3.58%     78.63% |          80      3.63%     82.26% |          72      3.27%     85.53% |          76      3.45%     88.97% |          63      2.86%     91.83% |          54      2.45%     94.28% |          55      2.50%     96.78% |          71      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS::total         2204                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX |          87      2.35%      2.35% |          94      2.54%      4.88% |          89      2.40%      7.29% |         113      3.05%     10.33% |          84      2.27%     12.60% |         111      3.00%     15.60% |         103      2.78%     18.38% |         109      2.94%     21.32% |          88      2.37%     23.69% |          74      2.00%     25.69% |         117      3.16%     28.85% |         151      4.07%     32.92% |         139      3.75%     36.67% |         127      3.43%     40.10% |         121      3.26%     43.36% |         111      3.00%     46.36% |          91      2.46%     48.81% |         118      3.18%     52.00% |         135      3.64%     55.64% |         175      4.72%     60.36% |         109      2.94%     63.30% |         113      3.05%     66.35% |         106      2.86%     69.21% |         143      3.86%     73.07% |         149      4.02%     77.09% |         128      3.45%     80.55% |         140      3.78%     84.32% |         146      3.94%     88.26% |          87      2.35%     90.61% |         126      3.40%     94.01% |          99      2.67%     96.68% |         123      3.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX::total         3706                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE |         134      2.51%      2.51% |         138      2.58%      5.09% |         137      2.56%      7.65% |         118      2.21%      9.86% |         145      2.71%     12.57% |         170      3.18%     15.76% |         130      2.43%     18.19% |         144      2.69%     20.88% |         170      3.18%     24.06% |         154      2.88%     26.95% |         143      2.68%     29.62% |         170      3.18%     32.80% |         166      3.11%     35.91% |         173      3.24%     39.15% |         177      3.31%     42.46% |         159      2.98%     45.43% |         168      3.14%     48.58% |         154      2.88%     51.46% |         176      3.29%     54.75% |         195      3.65%     58.40% |         196      3.67%     62.07% |         193      3.61%     65.68% |         182      3.41%     69.09% |         216      4.04%     73.13% |         203      3.80%     76.93% |         227      4.25%     81.18% |         204      3.82%     84.99% |         257      4.81%     89.80% |         147      2.75%     92.55% |         148      2.77%     95.32% |         126      2.36%     97.68% |         124      2.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE::total         5344                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |        7593      3.18%      3.18% |        7406      3.10%      6.28% |        7496      3.14%      9.42% |        7439      3.11%     12.53% |        7545      3.16%     15.69% |        7441      3.12%     18.81% |        7439      3.11%     21.92% |        7437      3.11%     25.04% |        7560      3.17%     28.20% |        7414      3.10%     31.31% |        7435      3.11%     34.42% |        7435      3.11%     37.53% |        7559      3.16%     40.70% |        7411      3.10%     43.80% |        7456      3.12%     46.92% |        7445      3.12%     50.04% |        7625      3.19%     53.23% |        7423      3.11%     56.34% |        7428      3.11%     59.45% |        7421      3.11%     62.56% |        7567      3.17%     65.72% |        7416      3.10%     68.83% |        7399      3.10%     71.93% |        7436      3.11%     75.04% |        7568      3.17%     78.21% |        7367      3.08%     81.29% |        7397      3.10%     84.39% |        7366      3.08%     87.47% |        7621      3.19%     90.66% |        7404      3.10%     93.76% |        7475      3.13%     96.89% |        7418      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       238842                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |         163      2.92%      2.92% |         140      2.51%      5.43% |         160      2.87%      8.30% |         185      3.32%     11.62% |         143      2.56%     14.19% |         175      3.14%     17.32% |         154      2.76%     20.09% |         149      2.67%     22.76% |         163      2.92%     25.68% |         169      3.03%     28.71% |         160      2.87%     31.58% |         200      3.59%     35.17% |         179      3.21%     38.38% |         203      3.64%     42.02% |         189      3.39%     45.41% |         170      3.05%     48.46% |         176      3.16%     51.61% |         151      2.71%     54.32% |         191      3.43%     57.75% |         194      3.48%     61.23% |         163      2.92%     64.15% |         159      2.85%     67.00% |         182      3.26%     70.27% |         189      3.39%     73.65% |         210      3.77%     77.42% |         181      3.25%     80.67% |         180      3.23%     83.90% |         213      3.82%     87.72% |         173      3.10%     90.82% |         184      3.30%     94.12% |         160      2.87%     96.99% |         168      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         5576                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |         100      2.19%      2.19% |         116      2.54%      4.73% |         112      2.46%      7.19% |         123      2.70%      9.89% |         107      2.35%     12.23% |         145      3.18%     15.41% |         125      2.74%     18.15% |         135      2.96%     21.11% |         116      2.54%     23.65% |         115      2.52%     26.17% |         146      3.20%     29.37% |         139      3.05%     32.42% |         151      3.31%     35.73% |         183      4.01%     39.74% |         148      3.24%     42.99% |         135      2.96%     45.94% |         133      2.92%     48.86% |         140      3.07%     51.93% |         199      4.36%     56.29% |         204      4.47%     60.76% |         149      3.27%     64.03% |         133      2.92%     66.94% |         144      3.16%     70.10% |         178      3.90%     74.00% |         169      3.70%     77.71% |         188      4.12%     81.83% |         167      3.66%     85.49% |         204      4.47%     89.96% |         120      2.63%     92.59% |         113      2.48%     95.07% |         115      2.52%     97.59% |         110      2.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total         4562                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       51865      6.84%      6.84% |       23791      3.14%      9.98% |       22374      2.95%     12.93% |       23257      3.07%     15.99% |       22758      3.00%     18.99% |       22174      2.92%     21.92% |       21818      2.88%     24.79% |       21822      2.88%     27.67% |       22209      2.93%     30.60% |       22569      2.98%     33.58% |       24378      3.21%     36.79% |       24628      3.25%     40.04% |       22907      3.02%     43.06% |       22348      2.95%     46.00% |       21492      2.83%     48.84% |       21949      2.89%     51.73% |       23021      3.04%     54.77% |       22354      2.95%     57.72% |       22676      2.99%     60.71% |       22774      3.00%     63.71% |       22660      2.99%     66.70% |       24848      3.28%     69.97% |       22299      2.94%     72.91% |       21977      2.90%     75.81% |       22677      2.99%     78.80% |       22905      3.02%     81.82% |       22337      2.95%     84.77% |       22317      2.94%     87.71% |       22418      2.96%     90.66% |       22130      2.92%     93.58% |       23157      3.05%     96.64% |       25511      3.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       758400                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |          76      2.14%      2.14% |          87      2.45%      4.59% |          76      2.14%      6.73% |         104      2.93%      9.65% |          65      1.83%     11.48% |         104      2.93%     14.41% |          93      2.62%     17.03% |         113      3.18%     20.21% |          81      2.28%     22.49% |          72      2.03%     24.51% |          94      2.65%     27.16% |         129      3.63%     30.79% |         136      3.83%     34.62% |         111      3.12%     37.74% |         106      2.98%     40.73% |         114      3.21%     43.93% |         141      3.97%     47.90% |         121      3.41%     51.31% |         108      3.04%     54.35% |         150      4.22%     58.57% |         126      3.55%     62.12% |         109      3.07%     65.18% |          96      2.70%     67.89% |         139      3.91%     71.80% |         154      4.33%     76.13% |         150      4.22%     80.35% |         155      4.36%     84.72% |         151      4.25%     88.97% |          77      2.17%     91.13% |         114      3.21%     94.34% |         100      2.81%     97.16% |         101      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total         3553                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX |          48      2.55%      2.55% |          44      2.34%      4.90% |          47      2.50%      7.40% |          49      2.61%     10.01% |          55      2.93%     12.93% |          51      2.71%     15.65% |          52      2.77%     18.41% |          39      2.08%     20.49% |          53      2.82%     23.31% |          51      2.71%     26.02% |          43      2.29%     28.31% |          63      3.35%     31.67% |          59      3.14%     34.81% |          67      3.57%     38.37% |          58      3.09%     41.46% |          66      3.51%     44.97% |          57      3.03%     48.00% |          70      3.73%     51.73% |          62      3.30%     55.03% |          76      4.04%     59.07% |          56      2.98%     62.05% |          67      3.57%     65.62% |          64      3.41%     69.03% |          85      4.52%     73.55% |          67      3.57%     77.12% |          62      3.30%     80.42% |          80      4.26%     84.67% |          83      4.42%     89.09% |          50      2.66%     91.75% |          52      2.77%     94.52% |          45      2.39%     96.91% |          58      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX::total         1879                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE |          17      3.10%      3.10% |          19      3.47%      6.57% |          14      2.55%      9.12% |          10      1.82%     10.95% |          19      3.47%     14.42% |           9      1.64%     16.06% |          14      2.55%     18.61% |          18      3.28%     21.90% |          13      2.37%     24.27% |          13      2.37%     26.64% |          24      4.38%     31.02% |          21      3.83%     34.85% |          23      4.20%     39.05% |           8      1.46%     40.51% |          15      2.74%     43.25% |          18      3.28%     46.53% |          20      3.65%     50.18% |          13      2.37%     52.55% |          12      2.19%     54.74% |          16      2.92%     57.66% |          30      5.47%     63.14% |          25      4.56%     67.70% |          20      3.65%     71.35% |          17      3.10%     74.45% |          20      3.65%     78.10% |          20      3.65%     81.75% |          18      3.28%     85.04% |          14      2.55%     87.59% |          15      2.74%     90.33% |          22      4.01%     94.34% |          16      2.92%     97.26% |          15      2.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE::total          548                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |        6901      3.25%      3.25% |        6680      3.15%      6.40% |        6714      3.16%      9.56% |        6607      3.11%     12.67% |        6795      3.20%     15.87% |        6565      3.09%     18.97% |        6564      3.09%     22.06% |        6539      3.08%     25.14% |        6641      3.13%     28.27% |        6562      3.09%     31.36% |        6634      3.13%     34.49% |        6599      3.11%     37.59% |        6742      3.18%     40.77% |        6566      3.09%     43.86% |        6676      3.15%     47.01% |        6693      3.15%     50.16% |        6795      3.20%     53.36% |        6542      3.08%     56.44% |        6563      3.09%     59.54% |        6525      3.07%     62.61% |        6675      3.14%     65.76% |        6596      3.11%     68.86% |        6608      3.11%     71.98% |        6649      3.13%     75.11% |        6699      3.16%     78.26% |        6558      3.09%     81.35% |        6515      3.07%     84.42% |        6516      3.07%     87.49% |        6833      3.22%     90.71% |        6535      3.08%     93.79% |        6682      3.15%     96.94% |        6500      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total       212269                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         664      3.22%      3.22% |         647      3.14%      6.36% |         651      3.16%      9.52% |         655      3.18%     12.69% |         666      3.23%     15.92% |         655      3.18%     19.10% |         636      3.08%     22.19% |         637      3.09%     25.28% |         637      3.09%     28.37% |         638      3.09%     31.46% |         651      3.16%     34.62% |         637      3.09%     37.71% |         645      3.13%     40.84% |         636      3.08%     43.92% |         659      3.20%     47.12% |         645      3.13%     50.25% |         633      3.07%     53.32% |         628      3.05%     56.36% |         635      3.08%     59.44% |         626      3.04%     62.48% |         642      3.11%     65.59% |         626      3.04%     68.63% |         648      3.14%     71.77% |         638      3.09%     74.87% |         627      3.04%     77.91% |         640      3.10%     81.01% |         629      3.05%     84.07% |         646      3.13%     87.20% |         668      3.24%     90.44% |         653      3.17%     93.61% |         665      3.23%     96.83% |         653      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        20616                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          41      0.66%      0.66% |          89      1.42%      2.08% |         138      2.21%      4.29% |         190      3.04%      7.32% |          90      1.44%      8.76% |         235      3.76%     12.52% |         253      4.05%     16.57% |         273      4.37%     20.93% |         294      4.70%     25.63% |         214      3.42%     29.05% |         174      2.78%     31.84% |         207      3.31%     35.15% |         172      2.75%     37.90% |         216      3.45%     41.35% |         138      2.21%     43.56% |         122      1.95%     45.51% |         199      3.18%     48.69% |         255      4.08%     52.77% |         217      3.47%     56.24% |         271      4.33%     60.57% |         263      4.21%     64.77% |         191      3.05%     67.83% |         156      2.49%     70.32% |         154      2.46%     72.79% |         249      3.98%     76.77% |         174      2.78%     79.55% |         250      4.00%     83.55% |         206      3.29%     86.84% |         135      2.16%     89.00% |         243      3.89%     92.88% |         155      2.48%     95.36% |         290      4.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         6254                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.70%      3.70% |           1      3.70%      7.41% |           2      7.41%     14.81% |           1      3.70%     18.52% |           0      0.00%     18.52% |           0      0.00%     18.52% |           1      3.70%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           1      3.70%     25.93% |           3     11.11%     37.04% |           0      0.00%     37.04% |           3     11.11%     48.15% |           0      0.00%     48.15% |           1      3.70%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |           2      7.41%     59.26% |           1      3.70%     62.96% |           3     11.11%     74.07% |           3     11.11%     85.19% |           1      3.70%     88.89% |           1      3.70%     92.59% |           0      0.00%     92.59% |           2      7.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |          40      0.68%      0.68% |          85      1.45%      2.14% |         129      2.21%      4.35% |         178      3.05%      7.39% |          87      1.49%      8.88% |         222      3.80%     12.68% |         234      4.00%     16.69% |         257      4.40%     21.09% |         274      4.69%     25.77% |         201      3.44%     29.21% |         160      2.74%     31.95% |         191      3.27%     35.22% |         162      2.77%     37.99% |         198      3.39%     41.38% |         130      2.22%     43.61% |         116      1.99%     45.59% |         181      3.10%     48.69% |         237      4.06%     52.75% |         204      3.49%     56.24% |         243      4.16%     60.40% |         244      4.18%     64.57% |         178      3.05%     67.62% |         147      2.52%     70.14% |         146      2.50%     72.63% |         234      4.00%     76.64% |         161      2.76%     79.39% |         232      3.97%     83.36% |         198      3.39%     86.75% |         124      2.12%     88.88% |         221      3.78%     92.66% |         150      2.57%     95.23% |         279      4.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total         5843                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           1      0.24%      0.24% |           4      0.97%      1.22% |           9      2.19%      3.41% |          12      2.92%      6.33% |           3      0.73%      7.06% |          13      3.16%     10.22% |          19      4.62%     14.84% |          16      3.89%     18.73% |          20      4.87%     23.60% |          13      3.16%     26.76% |          14      3.41%     30.17% |          16      3.89%     34.06% |          10      2.43%     36.50% |          18      4.38%     40.88% |           8      1.95%     42.82% |           6      1.46%     44.28% |          18      4.38%     48.66% |          18      4.38%     53.04% |          13      3.16%     56.20% |          28      6.81%     63.02% |          19      4.62%     67.64% |          13      3.16%     70.80% |           9      2.19%     72.99% |           8      1.95%     74.94% |          15      3.65%     78.59% |          13      3.16%     81.75% |          18      4.38%     86.13% |           8      1.95%     88.08% |          11      2.68%     90.75% |          22      5.35%     96.11% |           5      1.22%     97.32% |          11      2.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          411                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |          40      3.28%      3.28% |          49      4.01%      7.29% |          53      4.34%     11.63% |          47      3.85%     15.48% |          35      2.87%     18.35% |          34      2.78%     21.13% |          48      3.93%     25.06% |          36      2.95%     28.01% |          35      2.87%     30.88% |          39      3.19%     34.07% |          33      2.70%     36.77% |          45      3.69%     40.46% |          32      2.62%     43.08% |          29      2.38%     45.45% |          38      3.11%     48.57% |          39      3.19%     51.76% |          29      2.38%     54.14% |          34      2.78%     56.92% |          37      3.03%     59.95% |          29      2.38%     62.33% |          40      3.28%     65.60% |          42      3.44%     69.04% |          41      3.36%     72.40% |          31      2.54%     74.94% |          32      2.62%     77.56% |          42      3.44%     81.00% |          42      3.44%     84.44% |          32      2.62%     87.06% |          44      3.60%     90.66% |          37      3.03%     93.69% |          42      3.44%     97.13% |          35      2.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total         1221                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX |          15      2.74%      2.74% |          11      2.01%      4.75% |          15      2.74%      7.50% |          11      2.01%      9.51% |          12      2.19%     11.70% |          22      4.02%     15.72% |          15      2.74%     18.46% |          26      4.75%     23.22% |          22      4.02%     27.24% |          18      3.29%     30.53% |          14      2.56%     33.09% |          17      3.11%     36.20% |          13      2.38%     38.57% |          17      3.11%     41.68% |          19      3.47%     45.16% |          23      4.20%     49.36% |          14      2.56%     51.92% |          20      3.66%     55.58% |          21      3.84%     59.41% |          16      2.93%     62.34% |          15      2.74%     65.08% |          13      2.38%     67.46% |          18      3.29%     70.75% |          15      2.74%     73.49% |          18      3.29%     76.78% |          17      3.11%     79.89% |          17      3.11%     83.00% |          31      5.67%     88.67% |          12      2.19%     90.86% |          17      3.11%     93.97% |          14      2.56%     96.53% |          19      3.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX::total          547                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE |          11      3.53%      3.53% |          10      3.21%      6.73% |           4      1.28%      8.01% |           7      2.24%     10.26% |           8      2.56%     12.82% |          12      3.85%     16.67% |          10      3.21%     19.87% |           8      2.56%     22.44% |           6      1.92%     24.36% |          13      4.17%     28.53% |          12      3.85%     32.37% |          14      4.49%     36.86% |           7      2.24%     39.10% |          10      3.21%     42.31% |          10      3.21%     45.51% |           7      2.24%     47.76% |           9      2.88%     50.64% |           9      2.88%     53.53% |          11      3.53%     57.05% |          11      3.53%     60.58% |           4      1.28%     61.86% |          13      4.17%     66.03% |           7      2.24%     68.27% |          12      3.85%     72.12% |           8      2.56%     74.68% |          11      3.53%     78.21% |           9      2.88%     81.09% |           9      2.88%     83.97% |          14      4.49%     88.46% |          13      4.17%     92.63% |           9      2.88%     95.51% |          14      4.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE::total          312                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        7565      3.25%      3.25% |        7327      3.15%      6.39% |        7365      3.16%      9.56% |        7262      3.12%     12.68% |        7461      3.20%     15.88% |        7220      3.10%     18.98% |        7200      3.09%     22.07% |        7176      3.08%     25.15% |        7278      3.13%     28.28% |        7200      3.09%     31.37% |        7285      3.13%     34.50% |        7236      3.11%     37.60% |        7387      3.17%     40.78% |        7202      3.09%     43.87% |        7335      3.15%     47.02% |        7338      3.15%     50.17% |        7428      3.19%     53.36% |        7170      3.08%     56.44% |        7198      3.09%     59.53% |        7151      3.07%     62.60% |        7317      3.14%     65.74% |        7222      3.10%     68.84% |        7256      3.12%     71.96% |        7287      3.13%     75.09% |        7326      3.15%     78.23% |        7198      3.09%     81.32% |        7144      3.07%     84.39% |        7162      3.08%     87.47% |        7501      3.22%     90.69% |        7188      3.09%     93.77% |        7347      3.15%     96.93% |        7153      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total       232885                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      308318     17.94%     17.94% |      859423     50.00%     67.94% |       69228      4.03%     71.97% |       73878      4.30%     76.26% |       68695      4.00%     80.26% |       73478      4.27%     84.53% |       68949      4.01%     88.55% |       74797      4.35%     92.90% |       58365      3.40%     96.29% |       63715      3.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1718846                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      308318     17.94%     17.94% |      859423     50.00%     67.94% |       69228      4.03%     71.97% |       73878      4.30%     76.26% |       68695      4.00%     80.26% |       73478      4.27%     84.53% |       68949      4.01%     88.55% |       74797      4.35%     92.90% |       58365      3.40%     96.29% |       63715      3.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1718846                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      308318     17.94%     17.94% |      859423     50.00%     67.94% |       69228      4.03%     71.97% |       73878      4.30%     76.26% |       68695      4.00%     80.26% |       73478      4.27%     84.53% |       68949      4.01%     88.55% |       74797      4.35%     92.90% |       58365      3.40%     96.29% |       63715      3.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1718846                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      308318     17.94%     17.94% |      859423     50.00%     67.94% |       69228      4.03%     71.97% |       73878      4.30%     76.26% |       68695      4.00%     80.26% |       73478      4.27%     84.53% |       68949      4.01%     88.55% |       74797      4.35%     92.90% |       58365      3.40%     96.29% |       63715      3.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1718846                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
